#  Unused Audios 

The following is a list of all **unused audio files**In the latest version of the game, post-Limited Edition patch v1.0.0.397609. in text form, arranged in chronological order according to the episodes they would be used in. Click [File:Headphones.png](16px.md) to listen to the files!

[File:BulleSimple9Img.png](thumb.md)
##  Episode One - "[Episode 1: Chrysalis](chrysalis.md)" 
* [Mark Jefferson](mr__jefferson.md) reacting to [Victoria Chase](victoria_chase.md)'s jibe at [Maxine Caulfield](max_caulfield.md): "Sorry Max, you're off the island" (probably a reference to "survival" TV shows where the loser is eliminated and has to leave the island). {{Headphones|file# Ep1-ArtClass-VictoriaJoke_Jefferson.ogg}}
* [Nathan Prescott](nathan_prescott.md) and [Chloe Price](chloe_price.md) in the [Blackwell Academy](blackwell.md) bathroom about drugs: "Teens, not kids. Listen, I can hook you up." - "I don't want your pills. I want good ol' american green. Not weed, cash." {{Headphones|fileEp1-Toilets-NathanAndChloe-American_green.ogg}}
* Nathan after shooting Chloe in the Blackwell bathroom: "No, please God no... I didn't mean to... You just kept pushing me... Everybody is always pushing me... I'm sorry... I'm so, so sorry... My life is Hell... And I am so busted..." {{Headphones|file# Ep1-Toilets-NathanAndChloe-ChloeDead.ogg}}
*Max looking at stuff in the bathroom of [Madsen Household](chloe_s_house.md): "I already weighed myself last week." {{Headphones|fileEp1-Bathroom-scales_look.ogg}} . . . "No comment." {{Headphones|file# Ep1-Bathroom-scales_interact.ogg}} . . . "Nice, clean shower." {{Headphones|fileEp1-Bathroom-Shower_look.ogg}} . . . "It's so clean I want to test it out. But I need those tools from the garage." {{Headphones|file# Ep1-Bathroom-Shower_interact.ogg}} . . . "I hope Chloe isn't taking these pills..."The line is now: "I wonder if Chloe is taking those pills? I hope she's okay..." {{Headphones|fileEp1-Bathroom-pills.ogg}}
*Max looking out of the window in [Joyce and David's Room](joyce_and_david_s_room.md): "To think I lived just half a mile away..." {{Headphones|file# Ep1-ChloesParentsRoom-Window.ogg}}
*Max looking inside the closet in Joyce and David's room: "Joyce still works at the diner. Is her a husband a cop? Poor Chloe."{{Headphones|fileEp1-ChloesParentsRoom-Closet-interact.ogg}}
*[David Madsen](david_madsen.md) to either Max or [Kate Marsh](kate_marsh.md) if Max chooses to take a photo instead of intervening when she sees Kate being bullied by David on campus grounds: "Just think of me as a storm. And that storm is headed your way. Be prepared." {{Headphones|file# DavidMadsenStorm.ogg}}

##  Episode Two - "[Episode 2: Out of Time](out_of_time.md)" 
*Max looking in the mirror of her dorm room: "Whoa, no more zombie selfies today. This is what happens when you research quantum physics all night..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-MaxRoom-Mirror-interact01.ogg}}
*Max commenting on her rewind possibilities: "I could totally use my power to get some more sleep, but I don't want to strain myself." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-MaxRoom-Get_more_sleep.ogg}}
*Max in her dorm room looking at her notes: "Time has to be bendable... after all, I can bend it..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-MaxRoom-Notes-look02.ogg}} . . . "What's the correlation between my tornado dream and rewind power? Physics? Magic?" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-MaxRoom-Notes-look03.ogg}}
*Max commenting to herself on her overnight research: "I stayed up all night binge-researching time travel and wasted time for nothing..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Dormitory-Max_comments_on_research.ogg}}
*Max looking out of her dorm room window, contemplating: "It sounds so cliché, but what a difference a day makes. My entire life has been changed in just 24 hours. Not to mention the course of my destiny. And Chloe's. This must prove that we're meant to be friends forever... After all, without her, I had no power to use... Not that all my night research turned up much information... At least I know Chloe and I are truly linked by time... But I keep seeing that tornado... the destruction... And I wonder where all of this is going to end..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-MaxRoom-Window-voiceover01.ogg}}
*Max looking for clothes in her wardrobe at the beginning of the episode: "I'll wear those cute cute lace boots so I can cruise the Blackwell halls in style... Oh Victoria, you're such a fashion boss!" {{Headphones|fileEp2-MaxRoom-Clothes-look2.ogg}}
*Max in the [Prescott Dormitory](dormitory.md), commenting to herself about her power: "Life goes on for everybody, but now I have this weird power... If this were a book or movie, what kind of character would I be..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Dormitory-Max_comments_on_her_power.ogg}}
*Max in the dormitory, commenting on her tornado vision: "That tornado vision has to mean something, but I just can't figure out what..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Dormitory-Tornado_vision_comment.ogg}}
*Max in the dormitory, commenting on Victoria: "At least Victoria treats everybody equally like shit. Such obvious insecurity..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Dormitory-VictoriaBullying.ogg}}
*Max coming back from her shower to find her room vandalized: "Somebody actually took time to set this up... What is going on at Blackwell?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-MaxRoom-RansackedbyNathan-look02.ogg}}
*Max in her room, trying to find Kate's book: "Time to find Kate's book in this unholy mess." {{Headphones|file# E2-MaxRoom-Katesbook-voiceover01.ogg}} . . . "Seriously Max, you need to find Kate's book first." {{Headphones|fileE2-MaxRoom-Katesbook-voiceover02.ogg}} . . . "I still need to find "The October Country" in this pile." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-MaxRoom-October_Country_book.ogg}} . . . "Now where the hell did I hide that?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-MaxRoom-Search-interact02.ogg}} . . . "It's just a goddamn book, not an oyster! Where did it go?" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-MaxRoom-Search-interact03.ogg}}
*Max finding Kate's book but causing something unfortunate to happen to it when trying to pick it up: "Smooth move, ex-Max. Dumbass." {{Headphones|fileEp2-MaxRoom-Katebook-interact01.ogg}} . . . "Sorry Ray, you deserve better than me." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-MaxRoom-Katebook-interact02.ogg}} . . . "Presto! I love my power." (After fixing her clumsy mistake.) {{Headphones|fileEp2-MaxRoom-Katebook-interact05.ogg}}
*Juliet during the finding of Kate's book (although it is unclear in what context she says this or to who): "Do not disturb, bitches!"The audio file has the label "KateRoom_KateBook" which would suggest it was said during the time that Max was in Kate's room. {{Headphones|file# Ep2-KateRoom-KateBook-Juliet.ogg}}
*Max looking at a crucifix in [Kate's Room](kate_s_room.md): "I vow to use my powers for good, not evil. Seriously. Amen." {{Headphones|fileEp2-KateRoom-Cross-look01.ogg}}
*Kate describing events on the night of the party: "Somebody was talking to me in a soft voice... I thought it was a doctor... until I heard Nathan and felt something cold on my skin... and... and..."This line is now: "Somebody was talking to me in a soft voice... I thought it was a doctor... until I heard Nathan and felt a sharp sting in my neck... and... and..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-KateRoom-Soft_voice.ogg}}
*Kate in her room, requesting Max's help: "And I need your help."{{Headphones|fileEp2-KateRoom-Kate_requests_help.ogg}}
*Max in Kate's room, talking with Kate about not going to the authorities: "Screw the police and principal. I totally believe you, Kate. Nathan Prescott is dangerous. But..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-KateRoom-backup_witness-00.ogg}} - "But if I go to the police and principal I have you as my back-up witness, so they'll believe me..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-KateRoom-backup_witness-01.ogg}} - "Back-up witness? Well, I think we need to be careful about involving the authorities right now. Very careful..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-KateRoom-backup_witness-02.ogg}} - "What? Why?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-KateRoom-backup_witness-03.ogg}} - "I... I think we need more evidence. As for Nathan, that rich bastard has earned some serious bad karma. He'll get it..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-KateRoom-backup_witness-04.ogg}} - "I'd like to believe that... and I know you'll help me through this, Max. Thank you so much for believing me. I've felt so lost, alone..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-KateRoom-backup_witness-05.ogg}} (Alternate line: "And thank you so much for believing me, Max. I've felt so lost, alone..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-KateRoom-backup_witness-07.ogg}}) - "You're not alone, Kate. None of us are. We'll figure this out together." {{Headphones|fileEp2-KateRoom-backup_witness-06.ogg}}
*Max in Kate's room after returning the book: "Now I feel weird hanging out here..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-KateRoom-KateBook-voiceover01.ogg}} . . . "Good job, Dr. Max. I don't think she liked what I had to say. She seems more hopeless now... Maybe I should rewind and be more supportive..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-KateRoom-KateBook-voiceover02.ogg}}
*Max in [Dana's Room](dana_s_room.md) looking at her makeup: "I get so embarrassed when I try to get dolled up. Not that I need to catch a guy like that... or do I?"This line is now: "Speaking of Halloween, look at all this makeup. At least Dana knows how to use it." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-DanaRoom-Makeup-look-2.ogg}}
*Max commenting on Chloe's bad punctuality as she gets off the bus by the diner: "No way Chloe will be there early. I have the time to rewind and explore a bit. Nice." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-OffBus-voiceover-01.ogg}}
*Max commenting on a dog, possibly [Pompidou](pompidou.md): "Son of a—|Be careful, Max. This could be an attack dog." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-DinerPark-DogWarning-Max.ogg}}
*Comments suspected to be made by two pedestrians (female and male) outside the diner: "Another beautiful day in Arcadia Bay!" {{Headphones|fileEp2-DinerPark-PedestrianAdultFemale.ogg}} - "Oh blow me."Both of these files have "Pedestrian" in the file naming. Due to the number order, the second comment appears to be being said in response to the female's comment. {{Headphones|file# Ep2-DinerPark-PedestrianAdultMale.ogg}}
*[R.J. MacReady](fisherman.md) talking to Max outside the diner about the recent conditions in Arcadia Bay being bad for the fishing industry: "Ah, those days are done... That snow yesterday was a bad omen..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-DinerPark-Fisherman1.ogg}} . . . "It's not like the 80s. Now that was a time. You shoulda seen the rainbow trout! And that tuna would melt in your mouth..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-DinerPark-Stand-Fisherman1.ogg}}
*Another fisherman chatting with Max outside the diner: "I was up in San Fran then. Hated the damn yuppies, but the fish was fresh and jumping right into the bucket..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-DinerPark-Fisherman2.ogg}}
*Max saying goodbye to the [Homeless Lady](homeless_lady.md): "Maybe later. I have to go now. Goodbye." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-DinerPark-HomelessLady.ogg}}
*Max commenting to herself on Chloe's lateness once she's inside the diner: "Chloe is totally late as usual. So that gives me permission to wander around before she eventually shows up at the diner." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-Max-voiceover-03.ogg}}
*Comments made by a scruffy adult male inside the diner: "Just wanted a beer with my breakfast..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-DinerPark-DegueuAdultMale-01.ogg}} . . . "No goddamn beer... in Oregon."The location and naming of these two files suggest that they would have been made by the same male that Joyce responds to with, "This is a diner, not a bar." {{Headphones|fileEp2-DinerPark-DegueuAdultMale-02.ogg}}
*Max commenting on the diner graffiti: "No comment." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-Graffiti04-look.ogg}} . . . "Assholes. Wish I had a marker to cover this up..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-Graffiti07-look.ogg}}
*Max commenting on the diner postcards: "Does anybody actually send a postcard from here?" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-CheapPostCards-look-01.ogg}} . . . "I'm glad Chloe has Joyce for a mom..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-CheapPostCards-look-02.ogg}}
*Max in the diner, commenting on a table flyer: "They would have loved my vision..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-TableFlyer-look-01.ogg}}
*Max in the diner, looking at a cigarette vending machine: "Get yer cancer packs here!" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-CigVendingMachine-look.ogg}}
*Max in the diner, commenting on the jukebox: "It makes me so happy to see that old jukebox." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-Jukebox-look.ogg}}
*Max in the diner, commenting on the "Fishing Wall of Fame": "That's a big fish." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-FishingWallOfFame02-look.ogg}} . . . "Look at that basshole..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-FishingWallOfFame03-look.ogg}} . . . "She's king of the world..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-FishingWallOfFame04-look.ogg}}
*Cook shouting out a table order in the diner: "One western bacon omelette coming up!" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-Omelette-Cook.ogg}}
*Max in the diner, commenting on Chloe's pocket contents: "Figures that Chloe would have a goofy keychain like this for her wheels." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-ChloeCarKeys-look.ogg}} . . . "Of course Chloe has a pack of smokes on her. But not many left in there." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-ChloeCigarettes-look.ogg}} . . . "That's a lot of coins that Chloe could buy almost nothing with..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-ChloeMoney-look.ogg}} . . . "Damn, no wonder Chloe is so broke. She spends all her dough on tickets. This one looks new..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-ChloeParkingTicket-look.ogg}}
*Chloe urging Max to finish looking at the contents from her pockets: "Don't even tease me." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-ChloeSitting-Dont_tease.ogg}} . . . "Are you trying to think of a way to back out now?" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-ChloeSitting-Back_out.ogg}}
*Chloe after Max rewinds to tell her the contents from her pockets: "Okay Max... tell me." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-PowerProof01-Chloe.ogg}}
*Max in the diner, during the event prediction test to prove her rewind power to Chloe: "No way I can tell Chloe anything yet. I better watch and see what will happen, then rewind and tell her..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-Divination-voiceoover-01_Max.ogg}} . . . "Focus, Max. Remember, you are a camera. Take a mind picture of everything." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-PuzzleDivination02-voiceover-02.ogg}} . . . "Someone just broke a glass..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-PuzzleDivination02-voiceover-03.ogg}} . . . "The officer gets a radio call from the station..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-PuzzleDivination02-voiceover-04.ogg}} . . . "Justin and Trevor are fighting, as usual..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-PuzzleDivination02-voiceover-05.ogg}} . . . "Ow, nice feedback. The jukebox finally got pissed off."These individual event cues were perhaps removed due to them making the observation game too easy and removing the player's ability to watch the events unfold for themselves. {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-PuzzleDivination02-voiceover-06.ogg}} . . . "That's all she wrote. Now I can rewind and dazzle Chloe." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-Predilection-voiceover-02.ogg}}
*Chloe after Max rewinds to tell her the sequence of predicted events: "Hello Max? Anyone at home?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-Puzzle02Prediction-Chloe-01.ogg}} . . . "Yes, this is a picture of Chloe waiting." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-Puzzle02Prediction-Chloe-02.ogg}} . . . "I get it! You watched everything so you could rewind and tell me what happened, you little cheat!" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-Puzzle02Prediction-Chloe-03.ogg}}
*Max leaving it too late to tell Chloe the sequence of predicted events before they start happening: "Now it's too late, the events are already in motion." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-Predilection-voiceover-01.ogg}}
*Chloe's amazed reactions to Max's event prediction test: "Wow!" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-ChloePuzzle02Happy-Wow.ogg}} . . . "No way!" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-ChloePuzzle02Happy-No_Way.ogg}} . . . "Awesome!" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-ChloePuzzle02Happy-Awesome.ogg}} . . . "Epic!" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-ChloePuzzle02Happy-Epic.ogg}}
*Chloe's disappointed reactions to Max's event prediction test: "You failed us, Frodo." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner_ChloePuzzle02Sad-Failed_us.ogg}} . . . "So now what's the idea, you rewind and you try again, and I won't remember it? Right, you got me Max. Nice prank." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner_ChloePuzzle02Sad-Nice_prank.ogg}}
*Chloe urging Max to leave the diner with her: "Okay, let's go to my secret lairs..."In the Limited Edition game, the audio that appears to have replaced this line is:  Cue_E2_2A_Diner_ChloePuzzle02Happy_IGE_Chloe_170"Then... let's go to one my secret lairs and fully test your power." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-SecretLairs-Chloe.ogg}}
*Max in the diner, commenting about Chloe getting into trouble with her mom while Max answered Kate's phone call: "That sucks Chloe and Joyce got into a fight, but I couldn't let Kate be alone right now." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-Max-voiceover-01.ogg}} . . . "Sucks that Chloe and Joyce got into an argument... I could rewind and not answer Kate. It's not like I won't see her in class later." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-KateChoicePhone-voiceover-01.ogg}}
*Max if she ignored Kate's call in the diner: "I hope Kate won't have a meltdown because I didn't answer... She knows I'll see her in class later."The line is spoken differently to how it is actually written: "I hope Kate doesn't have a meltdown if I don't answer... She knows I'll see her in class later." This line would have been spoken before answering the call and may have been seen as influencing the player's decision too much. {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-Max-voiceover-02.ogg}} . . . "I hope Kate doesn't get upset I didn't answer... but I could rewind and answer her..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-KateChoicePhone-voiceover-02.ogg}}
*Max in the [junkyard](junkyard.md), looking at some graffiti: "Can't see the name of who Frank loves..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-Graffiti03-look.ogg}} . . . "A popular meme these days..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-Graffiti04-look.ogg}} . . . "Irony or metaphor?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-Graffiti06-look.ogg}}
*Max in the junkyard when she finds a message in a bottle: "Oh my gawd... I've actually found a message in a bottle!" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-MessageInBottle-look-01.ogg}} . . . "Why yes, I could just accidently *[sic]* smash it open and take a peek..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-MessageInBottle-look-02.ogg}} . . . "Boom! Release the message! But I can't bring broken glass to Chloe. I can always rewind to unbreak the bottle..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-MessageInBottle-look-03.ogg}} . . . "Snap! Everything back the way it was. Rachel wanted this message to be secret, and so it shall remain a secret..."Before this last line, the following line was intended to be spoken: "Now what's up with this weird secret relationship? Sounds like Rachel was confused about it, maybe even ashamed... I wish she named names. I better not show this to Chloe or she will be seriously hurt." In the game, this line is instead heard when Max finds the "paper ball" (Rachel's secret letter) in the trash can inside the [hideout](hideout.md). {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-MessageInBottle-look-05.ogg}}
*Max in the junkyard with Chloe, when Chloe fails at hitting bottles: "Just shoot, it's all good." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-Bottle01Fail.ogg}} - "Max?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-Bottle02Fail.ogg}} . . . "Yes, I'm getting bored, Max." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-Bottle03Fail.ogg}} . . . "How about another target, Max?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-Bottle04Fail-01.ogg}} . . . "Like today." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-Bottle04Fail-02.ogg}} . . . "What a waste of a bullet." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-Bottle04Fail-03.ogg}} . . . "Max, the bottles are mocking us." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-Bottle04Fail-04.ogg}}
*Chloe in the junkyard, during the bottle shooting test: (If the test is a failure, she urges Max to repeat it again) "One for the road—" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-GunFail.ogg}} . . . (When the test is successful and Max passes out from a nosebleed) "Max!" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-GunSuccess-01.ogg}} . . . "Max, here let me help you find a place to chill..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-GunSuccess-02.ogg}}
*Frank in the junkyard after Max shot at him: "You're Dumb and Dumber." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-ShootFrank-Frank-01.ogg}} . . . (To Chloe) "You still have a tab with me. Don't ever pull crap like this again—it will be the last time you do." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-ShootFrank-Frank-02.ogg}}
*Max in the junkyard after shooting at Frank: "Jesus, I almost shot this guy. Now he's even more dangerous to Chloe and me... I should rewind and try something else..."The suggestion to rewind has been removed from the line we now have in the game. Possibly removed for being too influencing on the player to choose the other option. {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-ShootFrank-voiceover.ogg}}
*Max to Chloe in the junkyard after shooting at Frank: "It's okay. I need to walk. I'm still jacked up after all that..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-Shoot-Max.ogg}}
*Chloe in the junkyard, speaking to Frank (line originally intended to be spoken after Frank says, "Oh Christ. You're more like Abbot and Costello."): "Who?" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-DropTheGun-Chloe.ogg}}
*Max in the junkyard after losing possession of David's gun to Frank: "Damn, that was intense, Chloe. Too much. I need to walk off all that drama... and you can tell me about what's been going on in Arcadia Bay since we were kids." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-DropTheGun-Max.ogg}}
*Max looking at a Blackwell corridor poster of [Rachel Amber](rachel_amber.md): "These "Missing Person" posters are so sad." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Corridor-Missing_person_posters.ogg}}
* David when seeing Chloe dropping Max off at Blackwell: "Partners in goddamn crime." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Campus-CarArriving-David.ogg}}
*Max's conversation with David in the corridor before her Art Class: (David) "I know you signed Ms. Grant's petition to get rid of them. I get it, Max. I wish we lived in a world where we didn't need them."Possibly removed because it gives away that David *could* be the good guy and less of an option to blame later in the principal's office. {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Corridor-David-petition_signed.ogg}} - (Max) "Listen..."Probably removed as the tone it’s delivered in makes Max sound more combative than David. {{Headphones|fileEp2-Corridor_David-Max_angry.ogg}}
*Max's comments in the corridor before her Art Class: "There's Justin and his board. He looks so baked."This line seems to have been replaced with, "Justin always looks stoned." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-ArtClass-Justin-look.ogg}} . . . (Looking at a Vortex Club poster) "Yeah, not really into the idea of partying right now." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Corridor-VortexPoster04-look.ogg}} . . . "I feel so bad for Kate. I wonder what Mr. Jefferson said to her... or didn't..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-ArtClass-voiceover-01.ogg}} . . . "I should go to class now." {{Headphones|fileEp2-ArtClass-voiceover-02.ogg}}
*Two teenagers speaking in the corridor: "I hope I get into the Vortex Club..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-ArtClass-Corridor-TeenMale.ogg}} - "Why would you want to? It's so lame... and snobby." {{Headphones|fileEp2-ArtClass-Corridor-TeenFemale.ogg}}
*Zachary in the corridor: "Listen, I swear it's not true, bro!" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Corridor_Insertion_Zachary_010.ogg}}
* Max failing to help Warren successfully with his science experiment before her class: "Oops." {{Headphones|fileEp2-SciClass_Experiment-Max-Oops.ogg}} . . . "Sorry." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-SciClass_Experiment-Max-Sorry.ogg}} . . . "Not yet you don't."Said in response to him saying, "I give up." Her response here may have been removed because it sounds like the player should help him to succeed as opposed to having a choice. {{Headphones|fileEp2-SciClass_Experiment-Max-Not_yet.ogg}}
* Kate talking to Mr. Jefferson in the corridor outside his classroom: "Can't everybody just pretend I don't exist?" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Corridor_JeffKateDial-Kate_exist.ogg}}
* Jefferson talking to Max outside his classroom before class: "And now you owe me another photo..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Corridor_Jefferson-owe_photo.ogg}} . . . "And remember, always take the shot." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Corridor_Jefferson-take_the-shot.ogg}}
* Jefferson taking a phone call outside his classroom: (To Max) "Max, I am sorry, but I do have to take this important call. We'll talk later, okay?"Probably removed because it’s too similar to: ''"I have to take this, so just go into class and I'll be there soon."'' - maybe saying the call is "important" downplays the importance of Kate’s situation too much. {{Headphones|fileEp2-Corridor_Jefferson-important_call.ogg}} . . . (To unknown person on phone) "We'll talk later... Okay?" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-ArtClass_JeffPhoneLoop-talk_later.ogg}}
* Max's comments inside the classroom: "This shot of Alyssa framed by the window is a lot more unique than a shot of Dana posing." {{Headphones|fileEp2-ArtClass-AlyssaPhoto.ogg}} . . . (Looking at her class notes) "My notes are a little sparse." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-ArtClass-Notes-look.ogg}} . . . (Interacting with her class notes) "Just do the work, Max." {{Headphones|fileEp2-ArtClass-Notes-interact.ogg}}
* Jefferson trying to stop the class from leaving after Zachary interrupts: "Okay, everybody take a breath—this is not a spectator event." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-ArtClass-Interrupt03_Jefferson.ogg}} . . . "Yes, I know this is distracting, but class is still in session—" {{Headphones|fileEp2-ArtClass-Interrupt04_Jefferson.ogg}}
* As Max is trying to make her way up to the roof to help Kate: "I have to go up there before I faint." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Campus-Voiceover-Faint-Max.ogg}}
* Dialogue between Max and Kate on the rooftop of the dormitory: (Kate) "Max, I'm living in a nightmare. There is no waking up... unless I put myself to sleep. Then everybody at Blackwell can post pics of my body. Out on the web, Max. I'm out there forever. No turning back, they do this just to have fun and think there are no consequences... Now they will see. They don't think they can ruin an entire life with this kind of shit." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Campus-Phase01-Kate-003.ogg}} . . . "Oh please! Now you want to help me? What about yesterday when I needed it? You told me to do nothing!" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Campus-Phase01-Kate-046.ogg}} . . . "I want to believe you, Max." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Campus-Phase01-Kate-087.ogg}} - (Max) "I believe you, Kate. But we need to find out exactly what happened..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Campus-Phase01-Max-048.ogg}} . . . "I had to find out more on my own first. And I think I know who did drug you... but we have to be careful..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Campus-Phase01-Max-050.ogg}} . . . "I had to investigate on my own first. And I think I know who did drug you... but we have to be careful..."Line used instead is, *"I needed more time to investigate on my own first... but we have to be careful..."* {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Campus-Phase01-Max-139.ogg}}
* Max and [Warren Graham](warren_graham.md) at the end of this episode when suddenly the eclipse occurs: "Feel that temperature drop?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Campus-Temperature_drop-01.ogg}} - "Brrr... I do feel cold." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Campus-Temperature_drop-02.ogg}} - "Do you want my jacket?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Campus-Warrens_jacket_offer-01.ogg}} - "That's sweet. Thanks. I'm okay." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Campus-Warrens_jacket_offer-02.ogg}}

* Max in the diner, encouraging herself while trying to convince Chloe: "Okay Max, you can do this. Just pretend you are playing {{Wiki|Simon (game)|Simon}}."{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_2A.STM_00363.ogg}}
* Mrs. Grant in the science class, talking to Max who is about to go: "Well, it was nice almost talking to you Max. Let's do this again soon."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4B.STM_00173.ogg}}
* Hayden talking to Taylor about the video when Kate is on the roof: "Taylor, didn't you see the video?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00109.ogg}}
** [Proofread needed] An unidentified girl commenting in the crowd: "Kate is such a good person. I want to cry."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00130.ogg}}
** [Proofread needed] An unidentified boy commenting in the crowd: "Ah, please girl, don't..."{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00120.ogg}}
** Victoria commenting in the crowd: "That chick is so messed up."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00007.ogg}}
** Courtney agreeing with Victoria in the crowd: "You think."{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00167.ogg}}
** Victoria replying to Courtney in the crowd: "That's what happens to hoes."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00015.ogg}}
** Trevor commenting in the crowd: "Dude."{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00069.ogg}}
** Zachary commenting in the crowd: "I bet she's on shrooms."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00106.ogg}}
* Kate talking to Max on the roof: "Oh Max, I know you want to help me. You tried, but you can't help me. Nobody can... nobody..."{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00023.ogg}}
** Kate talking to Max on the roof: "No Max. You weren't here for me."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00157.ogg}}
** "You are just like everybody else, scared and selfish. Screw you, screw everybody." (Kate took a step back or jumped){{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00175.ogg}}
** Max talking to Kate about viral video on the roof: "I'm sorry about all this, Kate."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00102.ogg}}
** Kate: "Me too. I wish I could go back in time and get out of this video. Now everyone thinks I'm a slut. But nobody believes I was dosed."{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00065.ogg}}
** Max talking to Kate on the roof: "Kate, don't do this, please!"{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00033.ogg}}
** Kate: "Why? Nobody gives a shit."{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00108.ogg}}
** Max: "That's not true. That's why I'm here. I care."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00027.ogg}}

##  Episode Three - "[Episode 3: Chaos Theory](chaos_theory.md)" 
* Chloe in the Principal's Office: "This is all kind of awesome to be taking over the principal's office at midnight. We should look for the bottles of booze I heard Principal Wells stashes around here. Wish I could find my files just to show you all the stupid shit I did before I got booted out of Blackwell. You should've seen me in action. I was such a dick. I guarantee that there's a secret file on Nathan around here. The Prescotts always get protected by the town. Must be nice to be so rich you can bury your past. There has to be some clues in Rachel Amber's file. If we can find it..." {{Headphones|fileWAsSuchADick.ogg}}
* Max and Chloe after waking up in [Chloe's Room](chloe_s_room.md): "You don't talk in your sleep, you whisper." - "For reals? Tzz, liar, liar... Ugh, what did I say?" - "Something about marrying Warren--or me." - "Yeah, that sounds like *your* dream." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Max looking at stuff in Chloe's room: "Spray paint? Is Chloe a tagger on the side?" "I remember William taking this shot. Chloe and me never wanted to get out of the snow." "Sigh, the CD's cracked." "Wonder what kind of music Rachel likes." "I bet Chloe has serious cotton eyes." "Maybe Chloe has some casual clothes I can wear. *laugh* ...Right." "I'd love to go with Chloe and watch her in action." "I know Chloe hates science, but she cares enough about me to study it."This audio file where Max is stating that she knows Chloe hates science may have been left unused due to the *Atom*, *Techno*, and *Science* magazine issues found in Chloe's bedroom that contradict this statement. Although, Chloe may have hated science when Max knew her and her tastes could have changed over the years. An example of this is when Max tells Chloe in Episode 2: "What do you know about Chaos Theory, Miss 'I Hate Math'?", and Chloe replies with: "Five years ago, asswipe. Some people change." "Sigh... big sigh." {{Headphones|fileChloeATagger.ogg}}
* Max and Chloe after Chloe announcing to "wake 'n' bake": "I'm not taking the rap this time, stoner." - "So take a hit instead tight-ass. Yeah right." {{Headphones|file# TightAss.ogg}}
* Max's conversation opener inside Chloe's truck on the way to investigate Frank's RV:These lines were replaced with the following cutscene conversation which was not dependent on player choices in the previous chapter: "Listen, when I went through David's laptop, I found pictures of Rachel and Frank... being more than friends." - "Right. No way, Max. She was just posing to tease Frank." - "If you're not going to believe me, why don't we check out what Frank has in his RV?" - "What's that gonna prove?" - "Frank has Rachel's bracelet. What else does he have in there?" - "Motherfucker better not have anything. For his sake."
****Defended David in previous chapter:** "Listen, I have to talk to you about what I found in David's files..." - "Oh, so you're not defending him anymore? Make up your mind..." - "You definitely need to know this." {{Headphones|fileEP3-defended_David-unused.ogg}}
****Sided with Chloe in previous chapter:** "Listen, I have to talk to you about what I found in David's files..." - "That sounds ominous. I don't know if I can handle more bad news..." - "You definitely need to know this." {{Headphones|file# EP3-sided_with_Chloe-unused.ogg}}
***Max's response when Chloe doesn't believe her about the pictures of Rachel with Frank: "Right Chloe, what do I know about photography? These were not head-shots for Hollywood. You're in denial. Let's go check out Frank's RV so you can see for yourself... Hey look, there it is parked by the diner!" {{Headphones|fileEP3-Rachel_pictures.ogg}}
* Max and Nathan at the [Two Whales Diner](two_whales_diner.md): "Did you rape her?" {{Headphones|file# EP3-NathanConvo-Max.ogg}} - "You are fucking evil, Max. No way are you asking me this... I didn't touch her and I wouldn't! You just crossed my red line, you little—" {{Headphones|fileEP3-NathanConvo-Nathan.ogg}}
* Max and [Frank Bowers](frank_bowers.md) in the Diner regarding Nathan and drugs: "What the fuck? Why are you wearin' Rachel's clothes, huh?" - "I bet you and Nathan could go shoot bottles together like besties. Dope-doped on meds." - "What do you know about it?" - "Personal experience. Plus, I'm in highschool. Teens talk." - " So, I gave Nathan some prescriptive meds, as a friend who isn't doped up at your age. Woopee fucking doo." *(?)* [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Chloe inside Frank's RV: "Ohh, we could totally cruise everywhere in this Breaking Bad-boy! Can you see us heading down the coast to Big Sur or beyond?"The line heard in the current version of the game (v1.0.0.397609) is tightened up and flows much better: "Oh, we could cruise everywhere in this bad boy. Can you see us heading down the coast to Big Sur and beyond?" {{Headphones|fileChloeRV_bad_boy.ogg}} {{Headphones|file# ChloeRV_Breaking-Bad_boy.ogg}}
* After a heated argument between Chloe and Max in her truck and after reaching school, actually Chloe keeps silent, but in one file you can hear her saying: "You can't help this time, Max. Not unless you can rewind 5 years to save my dad. Have a nice day at school." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Or she can say the same but without "at school". [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Chloe also says: "Never mind, Max. My life isn't worth your precious time, anyway." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* After that there is a conversation between Max and Mr. Jefferson, discussing about Mr. Jefferson meeting Victoria last night, about Kate and about Rachel Amber, about Nathan and David Madsen, and as well Max's accusations in [Raymond Wells](principal_wells.md)' office earlier. [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Conversation between Max and Chloe from a possible intended scene when Max goes back to 2008 through a photo:The last two lines have the same dialogue as lines that were given an echo effect and used in the game. The echoed dialogue is labelled with a prefix of 'Cue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture' in the game text files. "And you look dumb" {{Headphones|fileYou-look-dumb.ogg}} - "Look at Max, Dad. She's a wabbit." {{Headphones|file# Wabbit.ogg}} - "Knock it off, Chloe!" {{Headphones|fileKnock-it-off.ogg}} - "Make me! You look hilarious!" {{Headphones|file# Make-me.ogg}}
* Chloe in 2008 (possibly noticing that Max is looking at her strangely): "You look like you're taking a picture of me." {{Headphones|fileTaking-a-picture-of-me.ogg}}
* Max in 2008 wondering if she can talk to Chloe about a "premonition" of William dying that day: "Could I talk to Chloe about this without her laughing?" {{Headphones|file# Talk-to-chloe.ogg}}
* Max in 2008 replying to William and trying to talk him out of driving that day: "Oh, I don't need a treat. M-maybe we can all walk over and pick up Joyce."This may have been intended as a response to William's "Excuse me, ladies, I have to go rescue yonder Queen at the Sav-Mart. She doth have many bags of delicious grub for us to feast upon." {{Headphones|fileDont-need-a-treat.ogg}}
* Max in 2008, warning herself after having gone back in time through a photo: "Just do not get trapped in this photo. Don't think about it." {{Headphones|file# Do-not-get-trapped.ogg}}
* Max in 2008 when she looks at the snow doe: "Of course, the snow doe belonged to William!"The only dialogue option in the current version of the game (v1.0.0.397609) when Max looks at the snow doe is, "That's a cool snow doe..." {{Headphones|fileSnow-doe-William.ogg}}
* After waking up in the [Alternative Timeline (Life is Strange)](alternative_timeline.md) and realizing she is a [Vortex Club](vortex_club.md) member, Max has a monologue saying, "Victoria is my BFF... Warren thinks... I'm a freak...". [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Max apologizes after getting up from the lawn: "Sorry, I have to go". [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Taylor's line: "Cute, maybe Max is high". [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* There's also a short conversation occuring when Max tries to talk to Warren and Stella ("Hey, Warren... *ehem* Stella."), but they diss Max and call her a "fucking weirdo", and say that "class is so fucking boring".[File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Max at the end of this episode: "No way... C'mon, take it easy." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* The audio files for Episode 3, "[Episode 3: Chaos Theory](chaos_theory.md)", contain a file called "VO_E3_6B.STM_pck-0000000043", featuring [Anderson Berry](officer_berry.md)'s voice: "Since you know so much about episode two, maybe you should tell me what's going on? I sure hope you're not proud of yourself for playing a leaked, incomplete game, and, if you do it again, next time you roll through Arcadia Bay might be your last time. Choose wisely."[File:Headphones.png](16px.md)

* Max commenting on herself when she wakes up after the night Kate jumped: "Take it easy, super Max. Save your strength."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00074.ogg}}
** Max commenting on herself if she was suspended: "And since you are suspended, you can sleep in. Some punishment."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00013.ogg}}
** Max pondering if she was not suspended: "Chloe, Kate and Rachel are so different, but Blackwell treated them all the same. Now I feel like I am next. If I don't get expelled... or worse..."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00145.ogg}}
** Max pondering if she was suspended: "Chloe, Kate and Rachel are so different, but Blackwell treated them all the same. Now I feel like I am next. If I don't get expelled after my suspension... or worse."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00043.ogg}}
** Max commenting on Kate's suicide: "Kate might as well have been dragged upon that roof. She's just a pawn."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00078.ogg}}
** Max commenting if she was not suspended: "And I still have to get it for class in a few hours. Ough..."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00049.ogg}}
** Max commenting if Kate was dead: "Kate didn't just jump. She might as well have been pushed."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00090.ogg}}
** Max commenting: "Maybe I still have time to stop anybody else from getting hurt."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00177.ogg}}
** Max commenting: "Yes, I look like ass, but... to thine own selfie be true." {{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00126.ogg}}
*  Max commenting in the dark corridor with her cellphone flashlight on: "Release the evening ritual."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00035.ogg}}
** Max commenting on vortex club poster: "I am so ready to lay the smack down on these Vortex Club zombies."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00112.ogg}}
** Max commenting: "Man, everything is so quiet tonight. It's already like a funeral."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00094.ogg}}
** Max commenting on Kate's shrine if she was dead: "I'm sorry, Kate. I wish I could've gone further back in time to save you."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00050.ogg}}
** Max commenting on Juliet's slate: "Juliet is already on her next exposé."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00175.ogg}}
** Max commenting on Stella's slate: "Stella is so quiet, but always sincere."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00151.ogg}}
** Max commenting on Brooke's slate if Kate was dead: "Brooke sounds properly pissed off."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00085.ogg}}
** Max commenting on Kate's video link on the mirror in bathroom if Kate was dead: "Nice memorial. I definitely should have erased this earlier today."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00106.ogg}}
** Max thinking before sneaking into Victoria's room: "What if Victoria is in there? Who cares? I can always rewind if she sees me. Sorry, Victoria."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00010.ogg}}
** Max thinking after sneaking into Victoria's room: "Hmm... Dana called it. Victoria isn't in her room. The rules don't apply to her, of course."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00197.ogg}}
** Max commenting on a Vortex Club poster: "Your party days are over."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00017.ogg}}
** "I really hope that shit is all over now."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00093.ogg}}
* Dana in her room, talking to Max about Kate's suicide: "Fine. You made your point. Now leave me alone."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00068.ogg}}
** "Listen, that's all I know. I'm done here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00123.ogg}}
** "No kidding. This is not why I came to Blackwell academy. Now I have headache. So you better let me crash. Let's talk later on."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00059.ogg}}
** "Good, night."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00098.ogg}}
* Max wandering in science class while Chloe trying to open principal's office door: "You're uncertain, so think like Einstein. Look for clues around here."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00004.ogg}}
** "The school is so quiet at night. I should get back to Chloe in case she causes a ruckus."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00009.ogg}}
* Chloe trying to open principal's office door: "Oh, one of these keys has to work, it better."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00060.ogg}}
** Chloe commenting on keys: "Fuck you keys. I hate you."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00212.ogg}}
** Chloe calling to Max: "Maxine, my keys are broken. Please get over here."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00080.ogg}}
** Chloe asking for help: "Max, now if you don't mind, I could use your help."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00015.ogg}}
* Max talking with Chloe in principal's office (if Kate jumped): "Hard to believe I was just sitting here hours ago after Kate jumped."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00255.ogg}}
** Max talking with Chloe in principal's office (if Kate survived): "It was so weird being in here after Kate almost jumped."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00100.ogg}}
** Chloe: "I bet Max. Now let's examine these important papers."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00032.ogg}}
** Max: "Please keep it down Chloe."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00026.ogg}}
* [context missing] In ArtClass, Max: "Wowser. Are all these photos for the contest?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00265.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Corridor, Max: "How can my sad selfies compete with these? Evan has a lens for an eye."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00036.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "No fire here."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00111.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Locked, of course."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00218.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "There has got to be a key here. Find it, Max."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00171.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I can't wait to see Chloe's face when the door blows."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00261.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Gurrgh, Victoria's expensive perfume reeks. Why was she here with Mr. Jefferson."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00116.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Samuel truly is a weirdo, but he is great at cleaning up"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00214.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Forget it."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00160.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Ah, yes. Now to help my friend."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00248.ogg}}
* [context missing] In PrinOffice, Max: "Please help me open the cabinets"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00220.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "This is such a secret key."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00174.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "{{Wiki|Old Mother Hubbard}} went to the cupboard."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00210.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Let's see what Blackwell knows about Dana."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00129.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Why hello, little key."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00078.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Look out, Principal Wells. Here I come."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00193.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Locked."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00156.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Unlocked."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00259.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Looks like Mr. Jefferson is more popular than I thought."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00121.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "'Open', says Max."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00135.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Another closed door."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00091.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "She's got a whole other life outside Blackwell."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00216.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I mocked Principal Wells, but I'm the loser who stole the handicapped fund."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00181.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I mocked Principal Wells, but I almost stole the handicapped fund."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00098.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Whoa, is she passing these posters out or collecting them?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00050.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Man. The Prescotts are so generous."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00254.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "You can see how much Mr. Jefferson really loves doing this."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00150.ogg}}
* [context missing] In SciClass, Max: "Yes, there is one."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00205.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I can use it to take a box."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00213.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Look, the poor skeleton is still addicted to smoking. Give it up before it's too late."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00105.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Wowser, Daniel really did a nice job. Not bad for a stunt muse."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00095.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Empty, no can do. Wait, see what you did there? You so punny."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00033.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Screw David Madsen. I'm still glad I signed the petition."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00246.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Well, at least it's not leaving a paper trail here at Blackwell."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00253.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I bet he did evil experiments with those kids."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00270.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Think Max, you're in a science class. There has to be the sodium chloride for dummies here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00103.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "It's fun to be the king of the hall, but I need to see if Chloe was able to get into the Principal's office."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00030.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Come on, only two more files left."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00303.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Okay Max, just one file to go."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00295.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Spooky."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00093.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "The box is too high, I need a chair to take it."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00217.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Note to Max: Try to blow the door up, not yourself. Thanks."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00227.ogg}}
* [context missing] In the corridor, Chloe: "This is bullshit. Fuck you, door!"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00169.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Max, get your ass over here and look at this."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00020.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Come here, Max. You are not gonna believe this shit."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00204.ogg}}
* [context missing] In PrinOffice, Chloe: "Let's get busy."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00079.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Okay, boring."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00122.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "And nothing here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00215.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Disappointed!"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00085.ogg}}
* [context missing] In SwimPool, Max: "These rules clearly don't apply to me."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00135.ogg}}
** Max comments on poster "Swim Tutor Wanted!\n For Special Needs student age 12 with limited mobility but an unlimited spirit! \n Please contact Denise Resendez: dr@educators.og": "Aww, I hope Denise finds her best swim tutor ever."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00001.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Taylor has more makeup in here than I've owned in my entire life."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00130.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "This is sweet. Daniel is quite the artist."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00081.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "That is some dank butt Justin. Glad Chloe isn't here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00141.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I'm sure Blackwell will retire the name any day now."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00057.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Sorry Victoria. I'm only human, and you are not."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00109.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Don't do it Max. Be the change you wish to see. Don't Max."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00100.ogg}}
** Max comments on poster "DO OR DIVE!\n Join The Otters!\n Now in their 12th Straight Championship Season!\n Tryouts for Spring 2014!\n November 1-3, 2013, 8:00 am-9:00 pm\n Blackwell Academy Swimming Pool": "I think I'm busy that week. Assuming we're still here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00019.ogg}}
** Max comments on poster "In It To Swim It! \n Apply For The Jenn Stroud Swim Scholarship Now!\n Every year the Stroud Foundation awards scholarships to deserving\n students devoted to academic and aquatic excellence.\n For how to apply, send an email to JstroudSwim@JSScholarship.su": "This is not fair to us paddlers."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00047.ogg}}
** Max comments on poster "JOIN THE SWIM N' SWING TEAM\n Come on down to the Blackwell Pool for a grand ol' time\n Join the Swim N' Swing Synchronization Team Today!": "Not an ounce of iron(?) here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00181.ogg}}
** Max comments on poster "The Ty Webb Lifeguard Scholarship\n Be the hero while you learn! \n The Ty Webb Scholarship needs fresh applicants now!\n For more information: BeTheHero@TyWebbCo.cs": "Ty Webb sounds like a serious money."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00002.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "This test is putting me to sleep. I'm no otter."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00005.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Those fluffy towels are tempting me."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00148.ogg}}
* [context missing] In SwimPool, Max: "I'm just glad I signed that petition to ban surveillance cameras."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00043.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Who else is watching us? Maybe I should've sign that petition to ban surveillance cameras."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00116.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Hey, are you okay?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00166.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Don't cover your face."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00015.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Whoa ah, stop!"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00008.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Hehe... take that... hehe..."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00078.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Chloe, stop."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00065.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "No, quit!"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00102.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Stop!"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00172.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Hey... hehe... "{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00089.ogg}}
** [context missing] SecurityGuard2: "I swear, I saw light by the pool. Come on!"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00058.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "We are not free yet."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00026.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Max, find another spot. You have the power."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00128.ogg}}
* [context missing] In bathroom, Max: "Tempting, but breakfast calls."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5A.STM 00042.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Chloe's room, Max: "Oh, I love that Chloe keeps that photo with her."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5A.STM 00011.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Dirty threats, gross."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5A.STM 00091.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Yes. There'll be fresh threats in here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5A.STM 00079.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "What if this whole week were just a dream and... I'm waking up now."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5A.STM 00142.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Would I be sad if I actually didn't have my power?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5A.STM 00005.ogg}}
** context missing] Max: "No, I'd be sad because Chloe and I wouldn't be friends again."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5A.STM 00064.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Hey, Chloe. What are these, huh? What are these?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5A.STM 00081.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Chloe is all over Frank's shit now. But how connected is he to Rachel?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5A.STM 00021.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Nathan must know something. Or he's completely tweaking ."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5A.STM 00019.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Glad to see Chloe's snow globe in one piece."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5A.STM 00085.ogg}}
* [context missing] In the corridor, Max: "Better hurry. Joyce is waiting, and cooking."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5A.STM 00024.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Chloe's room, Chloe: "Give the old beast time to boot up."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5A.STM 00111.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Go show some love to mom's breakfast. Then we can go into the garage and plunder step-fuck's secret files."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5A.STM 00110.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "It's eggs o'clock."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00274.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "May I present? bacon.....hmmmm"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00057.ogg}}
** [context missing] Joyce: "Thank you. Ah... I was worried about that thing."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00218.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Then show what's in your files and prove she's wrong."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00145.ogg}}
** [context missing] David: "You are gonna take the word of this stoner?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00263.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I'm the one you got suspended, rebel."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00120.ogg}}
** [context missing] David: "I get it. You and Max hate me. What exactly my being accused of?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00129.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Chloe."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00163.ogg}}
** [context missing] Joyce: "What happened?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00268.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "You know more about her than me."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00085.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "You better dished up some dirty from the garage."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00279.ogg}}
** [context missing] Dr. Hedorah: "No, but... we have to start with the hypothesis that climate change is a partial cause for the unseasonal weather. That doesn't explain everything, of course. Frankly, we don't know yet."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00016.ogg}}
** [context missing] Dr. Hedorah: "I hope we see more patterns which gives us an atmospheric template."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00074.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "Good but.... That doesn't explain the recent extreme weather patterns."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00201.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "Dr. Hedorah, would your team know more after their latest tests?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00098.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "Many local residents of Arcadia Bay have been questioning: What has been going on with this crazy weather?  We have an eclipse yesterday, er... snow storm two days ago. Which, as most of you know, is not common this time of the year. It's unprecedented, to be honest with you. The last time that we have a snow storm, this caliber was over a hundred years ago. All of us are questioning, what is happening in Arcadia Bay? Please feel free to call in and let me know what your experience has been. What do you think this might be? Is this global warming? What is causing all of this crazy weather?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00104.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "Many local residents of Arcadia Bay have been questioning: What has been going on with this crazy weather?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00041.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "We have an eclipse yesterday, er... snow storm two days ago. Which, as most of you know, is not common this time of the year."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00026.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: " It's unprecedented, to be honest with you. The last time that we have a snow storm, this caliber was over a hundred years ago."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00076.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "All of us are questioning, what is happening in Arcadia Bay?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00067.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "Please feel free to call in and let me know what your experience has been. What do you think this might be? Is this global warming? What is causing all of this crazy weather?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00254.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Garage, Max: "Oh, no. Big brother is watching me."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00271.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Oh, man. There's David's lonely uniform. Now I feel bad."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00100.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "So, David has been dragging his dead head around since November 28, 2001. That looks like it could be a pass number."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00047.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "David's dog tag from Iraq."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00272.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Maybe David actually cares about Chloe."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00020.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I'll plug this one in."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00177.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "What did you do to Kate, David?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00273.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Locked."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00214.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Could be a pass number."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00251.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Garden, Max: "A lot of critter footprints around here. If I see a big footprint, I'm running."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00260.ogg}}
* [context missing] In LivingRoom, Max: "No way, that's the blue bird I saved Monday in Joyce's room."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00280.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Of course, Chloe will be pissed at me for defending David."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00238.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I only defended David because I actually feel sorry for him."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00127.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Sorry you were kicked out of the army and now Blackwell. Not."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00103.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I understand why David isn't smiling any more."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00009.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I wonder what everybody saw when they saw that eclipse... if anything."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00017.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Fruit VS bacon. Who will win?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00282.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I want to erase this, but... I better not."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00093.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Wonder if there's any news about Kate."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00159.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Hmm....It feels great to see Joyce happy again."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00227.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Okay. There must be clues about David's password around here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00033.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Diner, Max: "Hmm....I should find out what Nathan has to say about that."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00115.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Now I can't wait to see Nathan's response."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00131.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Frank is a very interesting guy. Time to start shit."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00220.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "So, what is Frank going to say about this?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00277.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I should talk to officer Berry about this."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00161.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Let's see what officer Berry has to say now."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00171.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Crash and burn Max. I should talk to that officer, or even Nathan, to find out some juicy secrets that could help me get the keys."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00242.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I better talk to somebody else, so I can gather more info."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00458.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Okay. I definitely need to move on to find out more information."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00248.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "If I was a total asshole, I will take Nathan's styling and camera too."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00430.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I could start the revolution with my power."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00372.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I so do not want to share this with Chloe, but... she has to know."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00191.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Too much caffeine in that crap. I'll stick with tea."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00417.ogg}}
* [context missing] In DinerPark, Max: "More dead critters?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00281.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Good to know in case I need a quick getaway."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00226.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Looks like a nice place to visit, with no drama."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00028.ogg}}
* [context missing] In FrankRV, Max: "Even a slob like Frank keeps a record book."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00337.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Boring."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00346.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I wonder who Frank wants to go away."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00330.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Frank, I actually believe that you do hurt Rachel."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00276.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Not even gonna touch that."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00214.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "And "Peace to you", Frank Bowers."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00450.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Oh man. Rachel and Pompidou ."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00285.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I think I can't open it."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00279.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Diner, Max: "So the Vortex Club won't survive another scandal."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00003.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "You are the boss?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00002.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "So the Vortex Club won't survive another scandal."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00065.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "Many local residents of Arcadia Bay have been questioning: What has been going on with this crazy weather? We have an eclipse yesterday, er... snow storm two days ago. Which, as most of you know, is not common this time of the year. It's unprecedented, to be honest with you. The last time that we have a snow storm, this caliber was over a hundred years ago. All of us are questioning, what is happening in Arcadia Bay? Please feel free to call in and let me know what your experience has been. What do you think this might be? Is this global warming? What is causing all of this crazy weather?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00328.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Thanks. I've always wanted to do that."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00396.ogg}}
* [context missing] In DinerPark, Max: "Oh, no."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00262.ogg}}
* [context missing] In unknown, Nathan: "What the fuck ever, brah. It's survived this long without you or anybody else?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00095.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "You must really like your junkyard hideaway."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00105.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "So you and Rachel were close."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00140.ogg}}
** [context missing] Nathan: "Right. Now eat shit and die, bitch."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00163.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Not for long, brah."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00269.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Like your sugar daddy wouldn't protect you? He always does."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00270.ogg}}
** [context missing] Nathan: "Oh, you'll find out, when you least expect it. Seriously, that's it. We're done talking, camera girl."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00320.ogg}}
** [context missing] Frank: "Yeah, so did your friend Chloe... and Rachel."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00331.ogg}}
** [context missing] Frank: "Sorry Law and Order. No warrant, no questions. Now get back to your goddamn desk."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00385.ogg}}
* [context missing] In LivingRoom, Max: "Listen, don't let your dad take his car now. I know it sounds weird, but please believe me. Something terrible is going to happen. You have to stop him! Right now."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00097.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Whoa. What is this?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_8A.STM 00155.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Dude, I'm so lucky that my father is cool."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00151.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Max, you're being so fucking strange. Like you'll never gonna see us again."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_8A.STM 00125.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "I don't know exactly what you are talking about, but... come on. You have made things different. Like, my whole life. You are my best friend. I've got you and a great family. What's it to be sorry for? We'll be best friends for ever. And when we grow up, we're taking over the world."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00093.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Chloe, I'm so sorry. I tried to make things different for you. I... I did try. I'm sorry."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_8A.STM 00058.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Listen! Whatever happens, I want you to be strong. Even if you feel like I wasn't there for you. Because I'll never abandon you Chloe. I'll always have your back. Always."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00114.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I will."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_8A.STM 00083.ogg}}
** [context missing] William: "I knew this thing will come in handy. How did my keys get out here?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00146.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I know Chloe will."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_8A.STM 00077.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Mr. Price? Errr... I don't think you should go just yet. There's bad traffic out there and it could be dangerous."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00092.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Another dollar for the swear jar."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_8A.STM 00005.ogg}}
** [context missing] William: "Okay, where did you last put those keys? Think, think! Ah, screw that."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00059.ogg}}
** [context missing] William: "You won't escape me now, haha."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_8A.STM 00008.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Dude, I'm so lucky that my father is cool."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00130.ogg}}

##  Episode Four - "[Episode 4: Dark Room](dark_room.md)" 
* William's conversation with young Max and Chloe in 2008 as he leaves with his car keys: "These keys aren't as faithful as you and Max. Be right back. Maybe I'll have an early treat from Bean City... if the queen lets her squire have a mocha."This audio file was replaced in the current version of the game (v1.0.0.397609) with: ''"Don't blow it because tonight your mother promised to make us her world-famous salmon surprise with chocolate cake for dessert. Max, you'll be here too, right?"'' {{Headphones|fileWilliam-found_keys.ogg}} . . . "Watch out for Chloe while I'm gone, Max." {{Headphones|file# William-watch_out_for_chloe.ogg}} . . . "I will." {{Headphones|fileMax-affirmation.ogg}}
* Jefferson complimenting Chloe in front of the Prescott Dormitory: "With that ink you'd be a perfect model for skater clothes." - "Thanks. That'd be totally... bitchin'. Isn't that hobby talk there?" {{Headphones|file# SkaterClothes.ogg}}
* Nathan after fighting with Warren on the dormitory floor: "I saw it... *laugh* I saw it, the storm. Everybody's waiting for the storm. [...] *shouting* The storm is coming! Oh, you're all gonna die! I see you, I see all of you, and you're all gonna die!"This unused audio file indicates that it was planned to reveal that Nathan knew about the storm. That could also explain the hint in Principal Wells' office stating he would've tried to steal the Tobanga totem. One of the game directors later confirmed in an interview that it was thought to be in Episode 5, but was scrapped pre-release because it didn't make enough sense story-wise and there weren't enough hints to this before the final episode. Part of it was used in the trailer for Episode 4. Explained here: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?vxhxh3Iy_3Ic Life Is Strange Spoilercast - Kinda Funny Gamescast Special] [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Max giving instructions to Warren after the fight "What you can do is hole up in your room and find out if there is any more storm warnings" (instead of finding informations about Nathan's father). It was probably linked to the unused dialogue with Nathan warning them that the storm is coming. [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Warren playing a video game on the toilet in the boys' dormitory: "Come on, baby..."[File:Headphones.png](16px.md) . . . "Gimme those points, freaky octopus..."[File:Headphones.png](16px.md) . . . "One more match and you’re mine..."[File:Headphones.png](16px.md) . . . "Level up, bitch!"[File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
** Max listening to Warren playing the video game on the toilet: "When you gotta play, you gotta play... Remind me not to use that guy's phone."[File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
** Max looking at the heavily graffitied door to the boys' toilets: "Even if my bladder was on fire, I would never enter that door. Ever." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
** Warren saying Max's name in surprise (perhaps upon seeing her inside the boys' dorms): "Max?" [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Chloe after killing Frank on the beach: "All I know is that, I committed a murder. Max, I actually killed somebody. I'm sorry Max. I destroy everything I touch. You should just bail on me now."Max: "Oh God, this is terrible. I shouldn't have let this happen. Now Chloe could actually go to jail. She'll understand that you were saving the life of a friend." "I'm glad you're back on my team, Chloe. I can't do this without you. You committed self-defense. Rachel would never let Frank attack you. We have to focus on Rachel right now. Time is the one thing we actually don't have anymore."Chloe: "Sigh. Uh okay, you're right. Focus on Rachel. It's all about Rachel now. Okay, what's wrong? What's right? Maybe you forgot I just fucking killed Frank Bowers. I killed a man who loved Rachel... and who Rachel loved. Is that how I help her? I can't believe I killed Frank. He was alive... and then he was dead... Because of me... and Rachel loved him... maybe more than me. So this is how I help her? Oh God. Max, I'm going to go to the police after we find Rachel... I can't live with keeping this a secret. I'm... I don't want to be a teenage fugitive on the run. And dude, I swear I won't even mention you. Okay? This is all me. What's going to happen to me now? Please, please, please let us find Rachel. I can't believe this is happening. I can't. Frank tried to kill you what else could I do?" [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* It was apparently possible for Chloe to die at the end of the confrontation with Frank on the beach, as several unused audio files named "Chloedead" seem to indicate. (Frank)"You like having a gun pointed at you, bitch?Huh?" / (Chloe)"No, she doesn't, asshole!" / (Frank)"Dumbass" / (Max)"Chloe!"{{Headphones|file# Chloedead.ogg‎}}
* Inner thought from Max while on the beach: "We're getting so close to Rachel Amber, just as Arcadia Bay is on the edge of disaster."*{{Headphones|fileVO_E4_4A.STM_80~Act_E4_4A_Beach_ScriptedParkingLot_Max_020.ogg‎}}*
* Max in the junkyard when realizing who shot Chloe (instead of remaining silent while staring at Jefferson): "You..." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Max in the [Dark Room (Location)](dark_room.md) at the end of this episode: "No, stop... Somebody help me... Please, stop... *sob* Please... please, help... Don't do this... Oh, no... Help me! Why are you doing this?" [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)

* [context missing] In Garage, Max: "I'm so sorry Chloe. I'll see you soon, I promise."{{Headphones|file# VO_E4_2B.STM 00022.ogg}}
* [context missing] In CampusB, Justin: "Hey Max. Do you know Chloe? She rocks."{{Headphones|fileVO_E4_5B.STM 00022.ogg}}
** [context missing] Grant: "We all being watched, no matter what."{{Headphones|file# VO_E4_5B.STM 00274.ogg}}
** [context missing] Samuel: "We do, but... I'm so glad that my petitions stopped Mr. Madson's surveillance."{{Headphones|fileVO_E4_5B.STM 00060.ogg}}

##  Episode Five - "[Episode 5: Polarized](polarized.md)" 
* Jefferson to Max regarding Nathan in the Dark Room: "Like you Max, I... am a camera. And like some cultures believe I'm going to use my camera. To capture... your... soul. Now take a break. I need to deal with Nathan first. Don't worry, our session is just... getting started."This unused audio file indicates that it was planned for Nathan to still be alive after Max finds herself in the Dark Room. It would've been possible for him to make another appearance in this episode, and it would've also been possible for Max to save him in that situation. [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Kate in Jefferson's class room after Max approaches her: "I hope I'm not bothering you. As long as I have friends like you everything should be okay. Max, you gave me strength. Thank you. Thank you for being such a good friend. You're so kind and patient with me. I hope you don't think I'm being silly. It's not such a shitty day now. You have a great heart and soul." {{Headphones|fileYouGaveMeStrengthh.ogg}}
* In the plane, Max could make this inner comment: "And now I'm flying 30000 feet over the world, on the way to my first gallery show... in San Francisco. So maybe this is my own heaven."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_3A.STM_1~Act_E5_3A_Plane_IdleLines_Scripted_Max_060.ogg‎}} (note: commercial jets tend to fly between 35000 and 42000 feet)
* In the plane, Max could make this inner comment: "Maybe I'll need counselling (sigh)... I have been through my own hell."{{Headphones|fileVO_E5_3A.STM_31~Act_E5_3A_Plane_IdleLines_Scripted_Max_050.ogg‎}}
* In the plane, Max could make this inner comment: "Get your bearings Max. You were trapped in a darkroom... then you time-warped back to Jefferson's class on Monday. Check. You sent a warning text to David and actually turned in your photo for the contest. Check. (sigh) Now what will happen?"{{Headphones|file# ‎VO_E5_3A.STM_48~Act_E5_3A_Plane_IdleLines_Scripted_Max_020.ogg}}
* In the plane, Max could make this inner comment: "I know she will be devastated about Rachel and it crushes me to thing of her and Rachel's family dealing with this nightmare. I wish I could have gone back further. But... at least the police have Nathan and Jefferson... and they'll never hurt anybody else."{{Headphones|file‎VO_E5_3A.STM_58~Act_E5_3A_Plane_IdleLines_Scripted_Max_040.ogg}}
*Max in the [Zeitgeist Gallery](san_francisco_art_gallery.md): "I love this map of the city, it's so romantic." "I could take so many epic shots from anywhere in the city." "The Zeitgeist Gallery. Starring Max Caulfield." "Anyway, this really is so cool." "*Windows* by Maxine Caulfield, 2013." "Ugh, Maxine, for reals? Sigh, eat me." {{Headphones|file# SoRomantic.ogg}}
*Max in the San Francisco Art Gallery thinking about Chloe: "There'll be another contest, Max... You won't get another Chloe..." {{Headphones|fileAnotherContest.ogg}}
* Max looking at some random girl in the Gallery: "She's cute... I wonder what kinda style I'll have in a few years." {{Headphones|file# ‎MaxShesCute.ogg}}
* Max going back in time through her [Everyday Heroes Photo Contest](everyday_heroes_contest.md) photo: "Nothing will keep us apart again, Chloe... not even time." {{Headphones|fileNotEvenTime.ogg}}
* Max looking at her desk when between realities (not possible in the final game): "I can't leave warnings to myself everywhere, I'll end up changing too much... or worse" [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)"baby steps Max, do as little as possible, please"[File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* David in the Dark Room after saving Max: "Now this is exactly why I don't trust man with goatees." {{Headphones|file# WhyDontTrustGoatees.ogg}}
* Max looking at Nathan's jacket after having been freed by David (the jacket didn't make it in the final game) "If Nathan had more help, more support *sigh* this might have gone a different way. I think about him, chilling on the grass in the other timeline... I hate what he did but... I can't hate him".{{Headphones|file16Eg.ogg‎}}
* Max looking at Mr. Jefferson's car: "Almost as good as a DeLorean" (reference to Back to the Future) [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Frank and [Joyce Price](joyce.md) talking about dogs and Chloe in the Two Whales Diner:
****Pompidou is alive: **"Frank, what's the name of your doggie again?" {{Headphones|fileVO_E5_5C.STM_58~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouAlive_IGE_Joyce_010.ogg}} - "Pompidou. Don't laugh." {{Headphones|file# VO_E5_5C.STM_217~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouAlive_IGE_Frank_020.ogg}} - "Oh, that's so cute. Chloe wanted a dog, too." {{Headphones|fileVO_E5_5C.STM_336~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouAlive_IGE_Joyce_030.ogg}} - "She'd be good with dogs. I know these things." {{Headphones|file# VO_E5_5C.STM_15~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouAlive_IGE_Frank_040.ogg}} - "If we get out of here, I'll buy her a whole pound." {{Headphones|fileVO_E5_5C.STM_310~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Joyce_050.ogg}} - "These dogs, they have a way of making us... human." {{Headphones|file# VO_E5_5C.STM_27~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Frank_060.ogg}}
****Pompidou is dead: **"Frank, don't you have a... a little doggie?" {{Headphones|fileVO_E5_5C.STM_201~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Joyce_010.ogg}} - "I did. I did have a dog... Pompidou. He's dead." {{Headphones|file# VO_E5_5C.STM_152~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Frank_020.ogg}} - "Oh, I'm so sorry... I always wanted Chloe to get a dog." {{Headphones|fileVO_E5_5C.STM_278~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Joyce_030.ogg}} - "Now she's gonna need one after today" {{Headphones|file# VO_E5_5C.STM_198~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Frank_040.ogg}} - "If we get out of here, I'll buy her a whole pound." {{Headphones|fileVO_E5_5C.STM_310~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Joyce_050.ogg}} - "These dogs, they have a way of making us... human."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_5C.STM_27~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Frank_060.ogg}}
* Warren trying to take a picture of himself with Max in the [Blackwell Parking Lot](parking_lot.md) outside the [End of the World Party](end_of_the_world_party.md): "Say 'cheese,' dumbshit." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
*The following unused audio conversation was meant to take place in the Blackwell parking lot after we hear the following line from Chloe, *"I hear you, Max... but do you think we should let Jefferson get away with torture and murder?"* There were originally two choices planned aside from telling David about Jefferson: go to the police (active), or let karma deal with Jefferson (passive).
****Max chooses "police":**
***Max: "No! We go to the police and let them take over. We have plenty of evidence." {{Headphones|file# Max-police.ogg}}
***Chloe: "Who owns the police here? And they'd probably put us in a fucking cell! Max, I know you're still in shock over what happened... but we have to face this reality... Let's go get him!" {{Headphones|fileChloe-police.ogg}}
****Max chooses "karma":**
***Max: "As long as you're alive, I don't care. Karma will catch up to him eventually." {{Headphones|file# Max-karma.ogg}}
***Chloe: "I'd like to think that and just take off with you right now.But Max... I don't trust karma anymore. Rachel deserves justice. Now. With our help..." {{Headphones|fileChloe-karma.ogg}}
****If Max chooses "David", and after Chloe asks Max why they should involve/trust him:**
***Max:"I know he's been difficult, but... he's the only one who knows what's going on and he's the only one who can help us." {{Headphones|file# Max-involve-david.ogg}}
*Said by Max at the end of the parking lot scene when she takes Chloe's hand. It was probably cut due to redundancy as it's already clear that Chloe is following: "Now follow me…"Max's line in the current version of the game (v1.0.0.397609), "I’ll always believe you, Chloe", sounds much more impactive. {{Headphones|fileMax-follow-me.ogg}}
*Max's original line before it was tweaked for better structure, pacing and cadence in the version we hear in the game: "Yes, you are. So listen: In a few minutes, I won't know any of this happened... Nothing. You have to tell me exactly what I did and said... Just explain that I traveled through time using the photo... We have to stay in your room and do nothing. Then we explain everything to David... and we finally let him do his job."The line as it appears in the current version of the game (v1.0.0.397609): "Yes, you are. So, listen... In a few minutes, I won't know any of this happened... nothing. We absolutely have to stay in your room and do nothing. Then we explain everything to David, and we finally let him do his job. You'll have to tell me exactly what I did and said just now. Just explain that I traveled through time using the photo." {{Headphones|file# Max-remember-nothing-game.ogg}} {{Headphones|fileMax-remember-nothing-alt.ogg}}
* Kate in Max's nightmare depending on Max's success on saving Kate either thanking her or accusing her: "Max, you saved me. Thank you. Bless your soul. I think you need it. An angel can contain many forms, Max. How many more people will you save?" "Max, all I can say is... A-Fucking-Men." "Max, did you see me fall? Did you? I can't believe you would let me die like that. Gross. I thought you had special powers, Max. You're a phony. I hope you took a nice selfie when I hit the ground, Max. Remember: The last thing I ever saw was your face. Oh yes, Max, you care so much about me you told me to be strong. Yeah, that works. Next time you quote a bible, try to pick an apropos quote, idiot. My family doesn't care about me, understand? And if you think free hugs will save me you were out of your mind. Max, Nathan drugged me, and Jefferson took all those gross photos of me. I bet you wish you could take shots like that, huh? You might win a Pulitzer." {{Headphones|file# AFuckingMen.ogg}}
* Additional dialog between Dark-Chloe and the others from the Dark Room sequence of Max's nightmare. {{Headphones|fileYamamotoOuutfit.ogg}}
**Chloe and Victoria: "Damn Victoria, you're a real woman. Not a little girl like Max." - "Look at my Yamamoto outfit. I don't wear jeans and t-shirts like that hillbilly hipster." - "I bet you'd even get some hella cool ink with me." - " I fucking love your tats Chloe. You're soo hot." - "It's the company I keep." - "I can't believe it took us so long to hook up."
**Nathan and Chloe: Nathan: "I hear that. Do you..want to party? I have a drug store in my room." Chloe: "I bet you need it after that nerd Warren sucker punched you. Fuck yeah! Good thing Max stopped that nerd Warren from attacking you." Nathan: " Like I couldn't kick that homo's ass." Chloe: " I get so turned on watching bros fight. Let me show you Nathan."
**Warren to Max: "I'm glad you dumped in the friend-zone for Chloe. After everything I did for you.. You'll just use her up and shit her out."
**Warren and Chloe: Warren: "Have you seen her photography? My ten year old cousin does the same selfie shit. She doesn't end up in no art gallery." Chloe: "She's like all those artsy fartsy hipsters. But, Maxine would never get a tat. 'I'm too scared!' She wouldn't even turn in a photograph. She's just a coward. She never helped me."
**Chloe to Mr. Jefferson about Max: "She's as tough as tapioca."
**Warren to Chloe: "Damn, girl. You know how to make me feel like a man. Not a Max."
**Chloe to Max: "Are you cereal? You can't even strike a real pose. Hey Max, next time you get rewind skills, try banging everybody or at least win the lottery. Do you really need a toy camera to take pictures? Grow the fuck up.
* Max in the Dark Room scene of her nightmare. Max is distraught about Dark-Chloe and the real Chloe is trying to get her out of the nightmare. Max: "This is not real. Chloe, stop that. What's wrong with everybody? Max, you know this isn't happening. Do you think Chloe would act like that? Damn, this is cruel, just ignore everything. It's not real." Chloe: "Don't believe this. Max, you know that's not me. Dude, you know me better than that. Max, this is not reality. Damn, I would never pull that shit. Max, listen to my voice. Girl, you better trust me, not your dream." {{Headphones|file# ChloeStopThat.ogg}}
*There are several unused lines from the characters patrolling the stealth maze in Max's nightmare. [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
**Mr. Jefferson: "Chloe and Rachel were trash compared to you." / "I don't trust men without goatees."
**David Madsen: "Hey, Max. Do you have any money I can borrow to take care of my family? It'll be hard... AFTER YOU GOT ME FIRED." / "Good thing you signed that petition to stop my surveillance system. How many more people will die because of you?"
**Frank: "He-he-hey. Thanks for killing me, Max. You're a real badass." / "I saved [Pompidou](pompidou.md), and you killed him. What an everyday hero." "You should never have kept Chloe's gun, Max. Did it save you?"
**Nathan: "You almost fucking killed Victoria with that paint can, dumbass. But I'm the scary one, huh?" / "You think I'm a freak? Haha. Who's the weirdo that wanted to see me get a bloody face?" / "Rachel never treated me like shit. But you... did." / "Warren is the real psycho Max. But you know that, right?" / "My dad used to beat me. But now, you've let Warren beat me." / "Too bad you didn't let Warren beat my ass. Now I'm gonna beat your ass, brah." / "Just admit it. You hate me because I'm rich. Admit it!" / "Did you know I loved Rachel? I never wanted to hurt anybody!" / "Does it feel good to have another dead Blackwell student on your conscience?"
**Principal Wells: "Poor Nathan Prescott was brutally beaten by Max and her punk posse. I've never seen such cruelty. She must pay." / "Max, it's your fault I drink whiskey in my office." (?)
**[William Price](william.md): "First you let me die again. Then you murder my little Chloe? Why, Max? Why?" / "Now that me and Chloe are both dead, are you gonna kill Joyce too?" / "You saw how much pain Chloe was in. Why didn't you do what she asked? What kind of friend are you?" / "Max, I'm so disappointed that you didn't honor my daughter's wishes. You saw what she was going through. Shame on you." / "Not only did you let me die twice, you can't even save my baby. You make me sick, Max." / "Max, I hope somebody gets to make the choice to let you die."This audio file shows that William was planned to appear in this sequence of Max's nightmare at one point. Max's lines at Warren's locker have William in the filename, so he might have been around there. {{Headphones|fileKillJoyceToo.ogg}}
* Max being distraught while watching herself let William die again in the nightmare: "Oh, William. I shouldn't have to choose between Chloe or her dad. I hate seeing this. Chloe... Don't hate me. William... oh, forgive me." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Younger Max talking to Max while watching her burning the photo in her nightmare (probably, unrecorded, just synthesized speech): "Burn, baby, burn." / "You sure this is a good idea, Super Max?"
*Several lines from characters present in the Two Whales Diner sequence.
*Dark Chloe comes into the diner and speaks to the real Max instead of the bad Max: "Max, you know the truth. Do not listen to this bullshit. You know what we've been gone through together this week. You know where we stand. We're a team, and this is reality." {{Headphones|fileDontNeedToRescueMe.ogg}}
* Dark Chloe trying to convince Max to let her die in the Two Whales Diner scene of her nightmare: "Max, you don't always need to rescue me. I know you just feel guilty for not staying in touch. Dude, I'm so not worth this. Look at how much I fuck everybody over. Do you think we're gonna live happily ever after if you've destroyed Arcadia Bay? Give it up, Max. We're too different after all these years. I'm so tired of fighting the world, Max." {{Headphones|file# DontNeedToRescueMe.ogg}}
* Max during the interactive Chloe and Max museum path in her nightmare: "Oh, my Chloe... It feels like we've lived a thousand lives this week. I'd do anything just to wake up next to you... Maybe if I get to the lighthouse, this will all finally end..."DONTNOD have stated that “cues are written originally and sometimes are cut to the final montage, for questions of rhythm, staging…”, and at this point in the game, they thought they had “sufficiently developed the romance between Chloe and Max even without [this cue], just with the images, the kiss that some players had according to their choices”, etc. [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Chloe before Max's final choice at the [Lighthouse](lighthouse.md): "This is your destiny too, Max. And I'm not leaving you. I'll always be at your side. Like you've always been there for me. Remember... you're my partner in time." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Max when Chloe is calling her "Maxine": "Without your power, we couldn't have found her. Okay, so you're not the goddamn Time Master, but you're Maxine Caulfield, and you're amazing." - "Max... never Maxine. You know that." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* A slightly different dialogue between Max and Chloe in the Sacrifice Arcadia Bay ending: "Max, now I'll always be with you." - "I know. You're my best friend." - "Forever." {{Headphones|file# AlwaysBeYourBestFriend.ogg}}
* Max instead of kissing Chloe in the Sacrifice Chloe ending: "Being together this week, it was the best farewell gift I could've hoped for. You're my hero, Max." - "Oh, Chloe... I love you." "You better. I will always love you." Also, Chloe says "don't you ever forget about me" instead of "don't you forget about me"Note 4 also applies to this audio cue. In addition, DONTNOD state that the camera zooming in on their hands as they held hands was sufficiently establishing a romance. Therefore, the inclusion of this dialogue cue became redundant with the visual cues already set up. {{Headphones|fileLiS_VO_E5_7A_ChloeEnd.ogg‎}}
* [David Madsen](david.md) after finding Chloe shot in the school's bathroom: "*crying* God... no... please... Chloe... I'm sorry I didn't make it in time... I'm sorry..." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Max after finding herself on the cliff at the lighthouse in the Sacrifice Chloe ending: "Chloe... au revoir." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)

* [context missing] In DarkRoom, Jefferson: "They wake up here, I capture their fear. Then, put them back to sleep. And they become pure again. You understand Max?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_1B.STM 00014.ogg}}
* [context missing] In ArtClass, Max: "Especially since there's nobody left in your life, I love you too, Max."{{Headphones|fileVO_E5_7B.STM 00430.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "We are going to be so happy in the dark. Just make sure you stay pure. I won't like it if you get dirty like Rachel or Kate."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_7B.STM 00300.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I hope you don't mind needles or duck tape."{{Headphones|fileVO_E5_7B.STM 00022.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "And yes, I insist on calling you Maxine, forever."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_7B.STM 00080.ogg}}
* [context missing] In DarkRoom, Rachel: "Some best friends you have there, Chloe. We're both dead now."{{Headphones|fileVO_E5_7B.STM 00215.ogg}}
** [context missing] Rachel: "Now, I'll never be a star, never be famous. Nobody will ever see my face again."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_7B.STM 00624.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Diner, Grant: "You always were my favorite student, Max. I hope you won't let us down now."{{Headphones|fileVO_E5_7B.STM 00388.ogg}}
** [context missing] Hayden: "Max, Max. How can you let all this killer butt go to waste."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_7B.STM 00543.ogg}}
** [context missing] Luke: "I knew this school would kill me one way or another."{{Headphones|fileVO_E5_7B.STM 00797.ogg}}
** [context missing] Berry: "Max, it was my job to serve and protect Arcadia Bay. Now it's your turn."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_7B.STM 00118.ogg}}
* [context missing] In TownEnd, Nathan: "I told you, I told everybody. I didn't want to hurt you, I didn't. You could have been my best model."{{Headphones|fileVO_E5_9A.STM 00007.ogg}}
** [context missing] Nathan: "Fuck you. You can't stop me."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_9A.STM 00003.ogg}}

##  Arrangements 
*[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v76D2D05pqj4 Arrangement] of Chloe talking with Max after discovering Rachel's relationship with Frank.
*[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v# yDtXQZBeR2g Arrangement] of Chloe's last wish in the [Alternative Timeline (Life is Strange)](alternative_timeline.md).
*[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v0Q6_o-E-vC8 Arrangement] of unused audio in Episode 3.
*[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v# iBW75OrP5S0 Arrangement] of unused audio from Nathan.

##  Notes 

* [Nathan Prescott](nathan_prescott.md) and [Chloe Price](chloe_price.md) in the [Blackwell Academy](blackwell.md) bathroom about drugs: "Teens, not kids. Listen, I can hook you up." - "I don't want your pills. I want good ol' american green. Not weed, cash." {{Headphones|fileEp1-Toilets-NathanAndChloe-American_green.ogg}}
* Nathan after shooting Chloe in the Blackwell bathroom: "No, please God no... I didn't mean to... You just kept pushing me... Everybody is always pushing me... I'm sorry... I'm so, so sorry... My life is Hell... And I am so busted..." {{Headphones|file# Ep1-Toilets-NathanAndChloe-ChloeDead.ogg}}
*Max looking at stuff in the bathroom of [Madsen Household](chloe_s_house.md): "I already weighed myself last week." {{Headphones|fileEp1-Bathroom-scales_look.ogg}} . . . "No comment." {{Headphones|file# Ep1-Bathroom-scales_interact.ogg}} . . . "Nice, clean shower." {{Headphones|fileEp1-Bathroom-Shower_look.ogg}} . . . "It's so clean I want to test it out. But I need those tools from the garage." {{Headphones|file# Ep1-Bathroom-Shower_interact.ogg}} . . . "I hope Chloe isn't taking these pills..."The line is now: "I wonder if Chloe is taking those pills? I hope she's okay..." {{Headphones|fileEp1-Bathroom-pills.ogg}}
*Max looking out of the window in [Joyce and David's Room](joyce_and_david_s_room.md): "To think I lived just half a mile away..." {{Headphones|file# Ep1-ChloesParentsRoom-Window.ogg}}
*Max looking inside the closet in Joyce and David's room: "Joyce still works at the diner. Is her a husband a cop? Poor Chloe."{{Headphones|fileEp1-ChloesParentsRoom-Closet-interact.ogg}}
*[David Madsen](david_madsen.md) to either Max or [Kate Marsh](kate_marsh.md) if Max chooses to take a photo instead of intervening when she sees Kate being bullied by David on campus grounds: "Just think of me as a storm. And that storm is headed your way. Be prepared." {{Headphones|file# DavidMadsenStorm.ogg}}

##  Episode Two - "[Episode 2: Out of Time](out_of_time.md)" 
*Max looking in the mirror of her dorm room: "Whoa, no more zombie selfies today. This is what happens when you research quantum physics all night..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-MaxRoom-Mirror-interact01.ogg}}
*Max commenting on her rewind possibilities: "I could totally use my power to get some more sleep, but I don't want to strain myself." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-MaxRoom-Get_more_sleep.ogg}}
*Max in her dorm room looking at her notes: "Time has to be bendable... after all, I can bend it..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-MaxRoom-Notes-look02.ogg}} . . . "What's the correlation between my tornado dream and rewind power? Physics? Magic?" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-MaxRoom-Notes-look03.ogg}}
*Max commenting to herself on her overnight research: "I stayed up all night binge-researching time travel and wasted time for nothing..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Dormitory-Max_comments_on_research.ogg}}
*Max looking out of her dorm room window, contemplating: "It sounds so cliché, but what a difference a day makes. My entire life has been changed in just 24 hours. Not to mention the course of my destiny. And Chloe's. This must prove that we're meant to be friends forever... After all, without her, I had no power to use... Not that all my night research turned up much information... At least I know Chloe and I are truly linked by time... But I keep seeing that tornado... the destruction... And I wonder where all of this is going to end..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-MaxRoom-Window-voiceover01.ogg}}
*Max looking for clothes in her wardrobe at the beginning of the episode: "I'll wear those cute cute lace boots so I can cruise the Blackwell halls in style... Oh Victoria, you're such a fashion boss!" {{Headphones|fileEp2-MaxRoom-Clothes-look2.ogg}}
*Max in the [Prescott Dormitory](dormitory.md), commenting to herself about her power: "Life goes on for everybody, but now I have this weird power... If this were a book or movie, what kind of character would I be..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Dormitory-Max_comments_on_her_power.ogg}}
*Max in the dormitory, commenting on her tornado vision: "That tornado vision has to mean something, but I just can't figure out what..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Dormitory-Tornado_vision_comment.ogg}}
*Max in the dormitory, commenting on Victoria: "At least Victoria treats everybody equally like shit. Such obvious insecurity..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Dormitory-VictoriaBullying.ogg}}
*Max coming back from her shower to find her room vandalized: "Somebody actually took time to set this up... What is going on at Blackwell?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-MaxRoom-RansackedbyNathan-look02.ogg}}
*Max in her room, trying to find Kate's book: "Time to find Kate's book in this unholy mess." {{Headphones|file# E2-MaxRoom-Katesbook-voiceover01.ogg}} . . . "Seriously Max, you need to find Kate's book first." {{Headphones|fileE2-MaxRoom-Katesbook-voiceover02.ogg}} . . . "I still need to find "The October Country" in this pile." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-MaxRoom-October_Country_book.ogg}} . . . "Now where the hell did I hide that?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-MaxRoom-Search-interact02.ogg}} . . . "It's just a goddamn book, not an oyster! Where did it go?" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-MaxRoom-Search-interact03.ogg}}
*Max finding Kate's book but causing something unfortunate to happen to it when trying to pick it up: "Smooth move, ex-Max. Dumbass." {{Headphones|fileEp2-MaxRoom-Katebook-interact01.ogg}} . . . "Sorry Ray, you deserve better than me." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-MaxRoom-Katebook-interact02.ogg}} . . . "Presto! I love my power." (After fixing her clumsy mistake.) {{Headphones|fileEp2-MaxRoom-Katebook-interact05.ogg}}
*Juliet during the finding of Kate's book (although it is unclear in what context she says this or to who): "Do not disturb, bitches!"The audio file has the label "KateRoom_KateBook" which would suggest it was said during the time that Max was in Kate's room. {{Headphones|file# Ep2-KateRoom-KateBook-Juliet.ogg}}
*Max looking at a crucifix in [Kate's Room](kate_s_room.md): "I vow to use my powers for good, not evil. Seriously. Amen." {{Headphones|fileEp2-KateRoom-Cross-look01.ogg}}
*Kate describing events on the night of the party: "Somebody was talking to me in a soft voice... I thought it was a doctor... until I heard Nathan and felt something cold on my skin... and... and..."This line is now: "Somebody was talking to me in a soft voice... I thought it was a doctor... until I heard Nathan and felt a sharp sting in my neck... and... and..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-KateRoom-Soft_voice.ogg}}
*Kate in her room, requesting Max's help: "And I need your help."{{Headphones|fileEp2-KateRoom-Kate_requests_help.ogg}}
*Max in Kate's room, talking with Kate about not going to the authorities: "Screw the police and principal. I totally believe you, Kate. Nathan Prescott is dangerous. But..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-KateRoom-backup_witness-00.ogg}} - "But if I go to the police and principal I have you as my back-up witness, so they'll believe me..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-KateRoom-backup_witness-01.ogg}} - "Back-up witness? Well, I think we need to be careful about involving the authorities right now. Very careful..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-KateRoom-backup_witness-02.ogg}} - "What? Why?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-KateRoom-backup_witness-03.ogg}} - "I... I think we need more evidence. As for Nathan, that rich bastard has earned some serious bad karma. He'll get it..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-KateRoom-backup_witness-04.ogg}} - "I'd like to believe that... and I know you'll help me through this, Max. Thank you so much for believing me. I've felt so lost, alone..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-KateRoom-backup_witness-05.ogg}} (Alternate line: "And thank you so much for believing me, Max. I've felt so lost, alone..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-KateRoom-backup_witness-07.ogg}}) - "You're not alone, Kate. None of us are. We'll figure this out together." {{Headphones|fileEp2-KateRoom-backup_witness-06.ogg}}
*Max in Kate's room after returning the book: "Now I feel weird hanging out here..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-KateRoom-KateBook-voiceover01.ogg}} . . . "Good job, Dr. Max. I don't think she liked what I had to say. She seems more hopeless now... Maybe I should rewind and be more supportive..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-KateRoom-KateBook-voiceover02.ogg}}
*Max in [Dana's Room](dana_s_room.md) looking at her makeup: "I get so embarrassed when I try to get dolled up. Not that I need to catch a guy like that... or do I?"This line is now: "Speaking of Halloween, look at all this makeup. At least Dana knows how to use it." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-DanaRoom-Makeup-look-2.ogg}}
*Max commenting on Chloe's bad punctuality as she gets off the bus by the diner: "No way Chloe will be there early. I have the time to rewind and explore a bit. Nice." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-OffBus-voiceover-01.ogg}}
*Max commenting on a dog, possibly [Pompidou](pompidou.md): "Son of a—|Be careful, Max. This could be an attack dog." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-DinerPark-DogWarning-Max.ogg}}
*Comments suspected to be made by two pedestrians (female and male) outside the diner: "Another beautiful day in Arcadia Bay!" {{Headphones|fileEp2-DinerPark-PedestrianAdultFemale.ogg}} - "Oh blow me."Both of these files have "Pedestrian" in the file naming. Due to the number order, the second comment appears to be being said in response to the female's comment. {{Headphones|file# Ep2-DinerPark-PedestrianAdultMale.ogg}}
*[R.J. MacReady](fisherman.md) talking to Max outside the diner about the recent conditions in Arcadia Bay being bad for the fishing industry: "Ah, those days are done... That snow yesterday was a bad omen..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-DinerPark-Fisherman1.ogg}} . . . "It's not like the 80s. Now that was a time. You shoulda seen the rainbow trout! And that tuna would melt in your mouth..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-DinerPark-Stand-Fisherman1.ogg}}
*Another fisherman chatting with Max outside the diner: "I was up in San Fran then. Hated the damn yuppies, but the fish was fresh and jumping right into the bucket..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-DinerPark-Fisherman2.ogg}}
*Max saying goodbye to the [Homeless Lady](homeless_lady.md): "Maybe later. I have to go now. Goodbye." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-DinerPark-HomelessLady.ogg}}
*Max commenting to herself on Chloe's lateness once she's inside the diner: "Chloe is totally late as usual. So that gives me permission to wander around before she eventually shows up at the diner." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-Max-voiceover-03.ogg}}
*Comments made by a scruffy adult male inside the diner: "Just wanted a beer with my breakfast..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-DinerPark-DegueuAdultMale-01.ogg}} . . . "No goddamn beer... in Oregon."The location and naming of these two files suggest that they would have been made by the same male that Joyce responds to with, "This is a diner, not a bar." {{Headphones|fileEp2-DinerPark-DegueuAdultMale-02.ogg}}
*Max commenting on the diner graffiti: "No comment." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-Graffiti04-look.ogg}} . . . "Assholes. Wish I had a marker to cover this up..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-Graffiti07-look.ogg}}
*Max commenting on the diner postcards: "Does anybody actually send a postcard from here?" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-CheapPostCards-look-01.ogg}} . . . "I'm glad Chloe has Joyce for a mom..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-CheapPostCards-look-02.ogg}}
*Max in the diner, commenting on a table flyer: "They would have loved my vision..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-TableFlyer-look-01.ogg}}
*Max in the diner, looking at a cigarette vending machine: "Get yer cancer packs here!" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-CigVendingMachine-look.ogg}}
*Max in the diner, commenting on the jukebox: "It makes me so happy to see that old jukebox." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-Jukebox-look.ogg}}
*Max in the diner, commenting on the "Fishing Wall of Fame": "That's a big fish." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-FishingWallOfFame02-look.ogg}} . . . "Look at that basshole..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-FishingWallOfFame03-look.ogg}} . . . "She's king of the world..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-FishingWallOfFame04-look.ogg}}
*Cook shouting out a table order in the diner: "One western bacon omelette coming up!" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-Omelette-Cook.ogg}}
*Max in the diner, commenting on Chloe's pocket contents: "Figures that Chloe would have a goofy keychain like this for her wheels." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-ChloeCarKeys-look.ogg}} . . . "Of course Chloe has a pack of smokes on her. But not many left in there." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-ChloeCigarettes-look.ogg}} . . . "That's a lot of coins that Chloe could buy almost nothing with..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-ChloeMoney-look.ogg}} . . . "Damn, no wonder Chloe is so broke. She spends all her dough on tickets. This one looks new..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-ChloeParkingTicket-look.ogg}}
*Chloe urging Max to finish looking at the contents from her pockets: "Don't even tease me." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-ChloeSitting-Dont_tease.ogg}} . . . "Are you trying to think of a way to back out now?" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-ChloeSitting-Back_out.ogg}}
*Chloe after Max rewinds to tell her the contents from her pockets: "Okay Max... tell me." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-PowerProof01-Chloe.ogg}}
*Max in the diner, during the event prediction test to prove her rewind power to Chloe: "No way I can tell Chloe anything yet. I better watch and see what will happen, then rewind and tell her..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-Divination-voiceoover-01_Max.ogg}} . . . "Focus, Max. Remember, you are a camera. Take a mind picture of everything." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-PuzzleDivination02-voiceover-02.ogg}} . . . "Someone just broke a glass..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-PuzzleDivination02-voiceover-03.ogg}} . . . "The officer gets a radio call from the station..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-PuzzleDivination02-voiceover-04.ogg}} . . . "Justin and Trevor are fighting, as usual..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-PuzzleDivination02-voiceover-05.ogg}} . . . "Ow, nice feedback. The jukebox finally got pissed off."These individual event cues were perhaps removed due to them making the observation game too easy and removing the player's ability to watch the events unfold for themselves. {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-PuzzleDivination02-voiceover-06.ogg}} . . . "That's all she wrote. Now I can rewind and dazzle Chloe." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-Predilection-voiceover-02.ogg}}
*Chloe after Max rewinds to tell her the sequence of predicted events: "Hello Max? Anyone at home?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-Puzzle02Prediction-Chloe-01.ogg}} . . . "Yes, this is a picture of Chloe waiting." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-Puzzle02Prediction-Chloe-02.ogg}} . . . "I get it! You watched everything so you could rewind and tell me what happened, you little cheat!" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-Puzzle02Prediction-Chloe-03.ogg}}
*Max leaving it too late to tell Chloe the sequence of predicted events before they start happening: "Now it's too late, the events are already in motion." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-Predilection-voiceover-01.ogg}}
*Chloe's amazed reactions to Max's event prediction test: "Wow!" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-ChloePuzzle02Happy-Wow.ogg}} . . . "No way!" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-ChloePuzzle02Happy-No_Way.ogg}} . . . "Awesome!" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-ChloePuzzle02Happy-Awesome.ogg}} . . . "Epic!" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-ChloePuzzle02Happy-Epic.ogg}}
*Chloe's disappointed reactions to Max's event prediction test: "You failed us, Frodo." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner_ChloePuzzle02Sad-Failed_us.ogg}} . . . "So now what's the idea, you rewind and you try again, and I won't remember it? Right, you got me Max. Nice prank." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner_ChloePuzzle02Sad-Nice_prank.ogg}}
*Chloe urging Max to leave the diner with her: "Okay, let's go to my secret lairs..."In the Limited Edition game, the audio that appears to have replaced this line is:  Cue_E2_2A_Diner_ChloePuzzle02Happy_IGE_Chloe_170"Then... let's go to one my secret lairs and fully test your power." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-SecretLairs-Chloe.ogg}}
*Max in the diner, commenting about Chloe getting into trouble with her mom while Max answered Kate's phone call: "That sucks Chloe and Joyce got into a fight, but I couldn't let Kate be alone right now." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-Max-voiceover-01.ogg}} . . . "Sucks that Chloe and Joyce got into an argument... I could rewind and not answer Kate. It's not like I won't see her in class later." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-KateChoicePhone-voiceover-01.ogg}}
*Max if she ignored Kate's call in the diner: "I hope Kate won't have a meltdown because I didn't answer... She knows I'll see her in class later."The line is spoken differently to how it is actually written: "I hope Kate doesn't have a meltdown if I don't answer... She knows I'll see her in class later." This line would have been spoken before answering the call and may have been seen as influencing the player's decision too much. {{Headphones|fileEp2-Diner-Max-voiceover-02.ogg}} . . . "I hope Kate doesn't get upset I didn't answer... but I could rewind and answer her..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Diner-KateChoicePhone-voiceover-02.ogg}}
*Max in the [junkyard](junkyard.md), looking at some graffiti: "Can't see the name of who Frank loves..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-Graffiti03-look.ogg}} . . . "A popular meme these days..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-Graffiti04-look.ogg}} . . . "Irony or metaphor?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-Graffiti06-look.ogg}}
*Max in the junkyard when she finds a message in a bottle: "Oh my gawd... I've actually found a message in a bottle!" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-MessageInBottle-look-01.ogg}} . . . "Why yes, I could just accidently *[sic]* smash it open and take a peek..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-MessageInBottle-look-02.ogg}} . . . "Boom! Release the message! But I can't bring broken glass to Chloe. I can always rewind to unbreak the bottle..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-MessageInBottle-look-03.ogg}} . . . "Snap! Everything back the way it was. Rachel wanted this message to be secret, and so it shall remain a secret..."Before this last line, the following line was intended to be spoken: "Now what's up with this weird secret relationship? Sounds like Rachel was confused about it, maybe even ashamed... I wish she named names. I better not show this to Chloe or she will be seriously hurt." In the game, this line is instead heard when Max finds the "paper ball" (Rachel's secret letter) in the trash can inside the [hideout](hideout.md). {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-MessageInBottle-look-05.ogg}}
*Max in the junkyard with Chloe, when Chloe fails at hitting bottles: "Just shoot, it's all good." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-Bottle01Fail.ogg}} - "Max?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-Bottle02Fail.ogg}} . . . "Yes, I'm getting bored, Max." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-Bottle03Fail.ogg}} . . . "How about another target, Max?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-Bottle04Fail-01.ogg}} . . . "Like today." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-Bottle04Fail-02.ogg}} . . . "What a waste of a bullet." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-Bottle04Fail-03.ogg}} . . . "Max, the bottles are mocking us." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-Bottle04Fail-04.ogg}}
*Chloe in the junkyard, during the bottle shooting test: (If the test is a failure, she urges Max to repeat it again) "One for the road—" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-GunFail.ogg}} . . . (When the test is successful and Max passes out from a nosebleed) "Max!" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-GunSuccess-01.ogg}} . . . "Max, here let me help you find a place to chill..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-GunSuccess-02.ogg}}
*Frank in the junkyard after Max shot at him: "You're Dumb and Dumber." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-ShootFrank-Frank-01.ogg}} . . . (To Chloe) "You still have a tab with me. Don't ever pull crap like this again—it will be the last time you do." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-ShootFrank-Frank-02.ogg}}
*Max in the junkyard after shooting at Frank: "Jesus, I almost shot this guy. Now he's even more dangerous to Chloe and me... I should rewind and try something else..."The suggestion to rewind has been removed from the line we now have in the game. Possibly removed for being too influencing on the player to choose the other option. {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-ShootFrank-voiceover.ogg}}
*Max to Chloe in the junkyard after shooting at Frank: "It's okay. I need to walk. I'm still jacked up after all that..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-Shoot-Max.ogg}}
*Chloe in the junkyard, speaking to Frank (line originally intended to be spoken after Frank says, "Oh Christ. You're more like Abbot and Costello."): "Who?" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Junkyard-DropTheGun-Chloe.ogg}}
*Max in the junkyard after losing possession of David's gun to Frank: "Damn, that was intense, Chloe. Too much. I need to walk off all that drama... and you can tell me about what's been going on in Arcadia Bay since we were kids." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Junkyard-DropTheGun-Max.ogg}}
*Max looking at a Blackwell corridor poster of [Rachel Amber](rachel_amber.md): "These "Missing Person" posters are so sad." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Corridor-Missing_person_posters.ogg}}
* David when seeing Chloe dropping Max off at Blackwell: "Partners in goddamn crime." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Campus-CarArriving-David.ogg}}
*Max's conversation with David in the corridor before her Art Class: (David) "I know you signed Ms. Grant's petition to get rid of them. I get it, Max. I wish we lived in a world where we didn't need them."Possibly removed because it gives away that David *could* be the good guy and less of an option to blame later in the principal's office. {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Corridor-David-petition_signed.ogg}} - (Max) "Listen..."Probably removed as the tone it’s delivered in makes Max sound more combative than David. {{Headphones|fileEp2-Corridor_David-Max_angry.ogg}}
*Max's comments in the corridor before her Art Class: "There's Justin and his board. He looks so baked."This line seems to have been replaced with, "Justin always looks stoned." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-ArtClass-Justin-look.ogg}} . . . (Looking at a Vortex Club poster) "Yeah, not really into the idea of partying right now." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Corridor-VortexPoster04-look.ogg}} . . . "I feel so bad for Kate. I wonder what Mr. Jefferson said to her... or didn't..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-ArtClass-voiceover-01.ogg}} . . . "I should go to class now." {{Headphones|fileEp2-ArtClass-voiceover-02.ogg}}
*Two teenagers speaking in the corridor: "I hope I get into the Vortex Club..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-ArtClass-Corridor-TeenMale.ogg}} - "Why would you want to? It's so lame... and snobby." {{Headphones|fileEp2-ArtClass-Corridor-TeenFemale.ogg}}
*Zachary in the corridor: "Listen, I swear it's not true, bro!" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Corridor_Insertion_Zachary_010.ogg}}
* Max failing to help Warren successfully with his science experiment before her class: "Oops." {{Headphones|fileEp2-SciClass_Experiment-Max-Oops.ogg}} . . . "Sorry." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-SciClass_Experiment-Max-Sorry.ogg}} . . . "Not yet you don't."Said in response to him saying, "I give up." Her response here may have been removed because it sounds like the player should help him to succeed as opposed to having a choice. {{Headphones|fileEp2-SciClass_Experiment-Max-Not_yet.ogg}}
* Kate talking to Mr. Jefferson in the corridor outside his classroom: "Can't everybody just pretend I don't exist?" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Corridor_JeffKateDial-Kate_exist.ogg}}
* Jefferson talking to Max outside his classroom before class: "And now you owe me another photo..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Corridor_Jefferson-owe_photo.ogg}} . . . "And remember, always take the shot." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Corridor_Jefferson-take_the-shot.ogg}}
* Jefferson taking a phone call outside his classroom: (To Max) "Max, I am sorry, but I do have to take this important call. We'll talk later, okay?"Probably removed because it’s too similar to: ''"I have to take this, so just go into class and I'll be there soon."'' - maybe saying the call is "important" downplays the importance of Kate’s situation too much. {{Headphones|fileEp2-Corridor_Jefferson-important_call.ogg}} . . . (To unknown person on phone) "We'll talk later... Okay?" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-ArtClass_JeffPhoneLoop-talk_later.ogg}}
* Max's comments inside the classroom: "This shot of Alyssa framed by the window is a lot more unique than a shot of Dana posing." {{Headphones|fileEp2-ArtClass-AlyssaPhoto.ogg}} . . . (Looking at her class notes) "My notes are a little sparse." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-ArtClass-Notes-look.ogg}} . . . (Interacting with her class notes) "Just do the work, Max." {{Headphones|fileEp2-ArtClass-Notes-interact.ogg}}
* Jefferson trying to stop the class from leaving after Zachary interrupts: "Okay, everybody take a breath—this is not a spectator event." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-ArtClass-Interrupt03_Jefferson.ogg}} . . . "Yes, I know this is distracting, but class is still in session—" {{Headphones|fileEp2-ArtClass-Interrupt04_Jefferson.ogg}}
* As Max is trying to make her way up to the roof to help Kate: "I have to go up there before I faint." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Campus-Voiceover-Faint-Max.ogg}}
* Dialogue between Max and Kate on the rooftop of the dormitory: (Kate) "Max, I'm living in a nightmare. There is no waking up... unless I put myself to sleep. Then everybody at Blackwell can post pics of my body. Out on the web, Max. I'm out there forever. No turning back, they do this just to have fun and think there are no consequences... Now they will see. They don't think they can ruin an entire life with this kind of shit." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Campus-Phase01-Kate-003.ogg}} . . . "Oh please! Now you want to help me? What about yesterday when I needed it? You told me to do nothing!" {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Campus-Phase01-Kate-046.ogg}} . . . "I want to believe you, Max." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Campus-Phase01-Kate-087.ogg}} - (Max) "I believe you, Kate. But we need to find out exactly what happened..." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Campus-Phase01-Max-048.ogg}} . . . "I had to find out more on my own first. And I think I know who did drug you... but we have to be careful..." {{Headphones|fileEp2-Campus-Phase01-Max-050.ogg}} . . . "I had to investigate on my own first. And I think I know who did drug you... but we have to be careful..."Line used instead is, *"I needed more time to investigate on my own first... but we have to be careful..."* {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Campus-Phase01-Max-139.ogg}}
* Max and [Warren Graham](warren_graham.md) at the end of this episode when suddenly the eclipse occurs: "Feel that temperature drop?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Campus-Temperature_drop-01.ogg}} - "Brrr... I do feel cold." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Campus-Temperature_drop-02.ogg}} - "Do you want my jacket?" {{Headphones|fileEp2-Campus-Warrens_jacket_offer-01.ogg}} - "That's sweet. Thanks. I'm okay." {{Headphones|file# Ep2-Campus-Warrens_jacket_offer-02.ogg}}

* Max in the diner, encouraging herself while trying to convince Chloe: "Okay Max, you can do this. Just pretend you are playing {{Wiki|Simon (game)|Simon}}."{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_2A.STM_00363.ogg}}
* Mrs. Grant in the science class, talking to Max who is about to go: "Well, it was nice almost talking to you Max. Let's do this again soon."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4B.STM_00173.ogg}}
* Hayden talking to Taylor about the video when Kate is on the roof: "Taylor, didn't you see the video?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00109.ogg}}
** [Proofread needed] An unidentified girl commenting in the crowd: "Kate is such a good person. I want to cry."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00130.ogg}}
** [Proofread needed] An unidentified boy commenting in the crowd: "Ah, please girl, don't..."{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00120.ogg}}
** Victoria commenting in the crowd: "That chick is so messed up."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00007.ogg}}
** Courtney agreeing with Victoria in the crowd: "You think."{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00167.ogg}}
** Victoria replying to Courtney in the crowd: "That's what happens to hoes."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00015.ogg}}
** Trevor commenting in the crowd: "Dude."{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00069.ogg}}
** Zachary commenting in the crowd: "I bet she's on shrooms."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00106.ogg}}
* Kate talking to Max on the roof: "Oh Max, I know you want to help me. You tried, but you can't help me. Nobody can... nobody..."{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00023.ogg}}
** Kate talking to Max on the roof: "No Max. You weren't here for me."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00157.ogg}}
** "You are just like everybody else, scared and selfish. Screw you, screw everybody." (Kate took a step back or jumped){{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00175.ogg}}
** Max talking to Kate about viral video on the roof: "I'm sorry about all this, Kate."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00102.ogg}}
** Kate: "Me too. I wish I could go back in time and get out of this video. Now everyone thinks I'm a slut. But nobody believes I was dosed."{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00065.ogg}}
** Max talking to Kate on the roof: "Kate, don't do this, please!"{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00033.ogg}}
** Kate: "Why? Nobody gives a shit."{{Headphones|fileVO_E2_4C.STM_00108.ogg}}
** Max: "That's not true. That's why I'm here. I care."{{Headphones|file# VO_E2_4C.STM_00027.ogg}}

##  Episode Three - "[Episode 3: Chaos Theory](chaos_theory.md)" 
* Chloe in the Principal's Office: "This is all kind of awesome to be taking over the principal's office at midnight. We should look for the bottles of booze I heard Principal Wells stashes around here. Wish I could find my files just to show you all the stupid shit I did before I got booted out of Blackwell. You should've seen me in action. I was such a dick. I guarantee that there's a secret file on Nathan around here. The Prescotts always get protected by the town. Must be nice to be so rich you can bury your past. There has to be some clues in Rachel Amber's file. If we can find it..." {{Headphones|fileWAsSuchADick.ogg}}
* Max and Chloe after waking up in [Chloe's Room](chloe_s_room.md): "You don't talk in your sleep, you whisper." - "For reals? Tzz, liar, liar... Ugh, what did I say?" - "Something about marrying Warren--or me." - "Yeah, that sounds like *your* dream." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Max looking at stuff in Chloe's room: "Spray paint? Is Chloe a tagger on the side?" "I remember William taking this shot. Chloe and me never wanted to get out of the snow." "Sigh, the CD's cracked." "Wonder what kind of music Rachel likes." "I bet Chloe has serious cotton eyes." "Maybe Chloe has some casual clothes I can wear. *laugh* ...Right." "I'd love to go with Chloe and watch her in action." "I know Chloe hates science, but she cares enough about me to study it."This audio file where Max is stating that she knows Chloe hates science may have been left unused due to the *Atom*, *Techno*, and *Science* magazine issues found in Chloe's bedroom that contradict this statement. Although, Chloe may have hated science when Max knew her and her tastes could have changed over the years. An example of this is when Max tells Chloe in Episode 2: "What do you know about Chaos Theory, Miss 'I Hate Math'?", and Chloe replies with: "Five years ago, asswipe. Some people change." "Sigh... big sigh." {{Headphones|fileChloeATagger.ogg}}
* Max and Chloe after Chloe announcing to "wake 'n' bake": "I'm not taking the rap this time, stoner." - "So take a hit instead tight-ass. Yeah right." {{Headphones|file# TightAss.ogg}}
* Max's conversation opener inside Chloe's truck on the way to investigate Frank's RV:These lines were replaced with the following cutscene conversation which was not dependent on player choices in the previous chapter: "Listen, when I went through David's laptop, I found pictures of Rachel and Frank... being more than friends." - "Right. No way, Max. She was just posing to tease Frank." - "If you're not going to believe me, why don't we check out what Frank has in his RV?" - "What's that gonna prove?" - "Frank has Rachel's bracelet. What else does he have in there?" - "Motherfucker better not have anything. For his sake."
****Defended David in previous chapter:** "Listen, I have to talk to you about what I found in David's files..." - "Oh, so you're not defending him anymore? Make up your mind..." - "You definitely need to know this." {{Headphones|fileEP3-defended_David-unused.ogg}}
****Sided with Chloe in previous chapter:** "Listen, I have to talk to you about what I found in David's files..." - "That sounds ominous. I don't know if I can handle more bad news..." - "You definitely need to know this." {{Headphones|file# EP3-sided_with_Chloe-unused.ogg}}
***Max's response when Chloe doesn't believe her about the pictures of Rachel with Frank: "Right Chloe, what do I know about photography? These were not head-shots for Hollywood. You're in denial. Let's go check out Frank's RV so you can see for yourself... Hey look, there it is parked by the diner!" {{Headphones|fileEP3-Rachel_pictures.ogg}}
* Max and Nathan at the [Two Whales Diner](two_whales_diner.md): "Did you rape her?" {{Headphones|file# EP3-NathanConvo-Max.ogg}} - "You are fucking evil, Max. No way are you asking me this... I didn't touch her and I wouldn't! You just crossed my red line, you little—" {{Headphones|fileEP3-NathanConvo-Nathan.ogg}}
* Max and [Frank Bowers](frank_bowers.md) in the Diner regarding Nathan and drugs: "What the fuck? Why are you wearin' Rachel's clothes, huh?" - "I bet you and Nathan could go shoot bottles together like besties. Dope-doped on meds." - "What do you know about it?" - "Personal experience. Plus, I'm in highschool. Teens talk." - " So, I gave Nathan some prescriptive meds, as a friend who isn't doped up at your age. Woopee fucking doo." *(?)* [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Chloe inside Frank's RV: "Ohh, we could totally cruise everywhere in this Breaking Bad-boy! Can you see us heading down the coast to Big Sur or beyond?"The line heard in the current version of the game (v1.0.0.397609) is tightened up and flows much better: "Oh, we could cruise everywhere in this bad boy. Can you see us heading down the coast to Big Sur and beyond?" {{Headphones|fileChloeRV_bad_boy.ogg}} {{Headphones|file# ChloeRV_Breaking-Bad_boy.ogg}}
* After a heated argument between Chloe and Max in her truck and after reaching school, actually Chloe keeps silent, but in one file you can hear her saying: "You can't help this time, Max. Not unless you can rewind 5 years to save my dad. Have a nice day at school." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Or she can say the same but without "at school". [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Chloe also says: "Never mind, Max. My life isn't worth your precious time, anyway." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* After that there is a conversation between Max and Mr. Jefferson, discussing about Mr. Jefferson meeting Victoria last night, about Kate and about Rachel Amber, about Nathan and David Madsen, and as well Max's accusations in [Raymond Wells](principal_wells.md)' office earlier. [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Conversation between Max and Chloe from a possible intended scene when Max goes back to 2008 through a photo:The last two lines have the same dialogue as lines that were given an echo effect and used in the game. The echoed dialogue is labelled with a prefix of 'Cue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture' in the game text files. "And you look dumb" {{Headphones|fileYou-look-dumb.ogg}} - "Look at Max, Dad. She's a wabbit." {{Headphones|file# Wabbit.ogg}} - "Knock it off, Chloe!" {{Headphones|fileKnock-it-off.ogg}} - "Make me! You look hilarious!" {{Headphones|file# Make-me.ogg}}
* Chloe in 2008 (possibly noticing that Max is looking at her strangely): "You look like you're taking a picture of me." {{Headphones|fileTaking-a-picture-of-me.ogg}}
* Max in 2008 wondering if she can talk to Chloe about a "premonition" of William dying that day: "Could I talk to Chloe about this without her laughing?" {{Headphones|file# Talk-to-chloe.ogg}}
* Max in 2008 replying to William and trying to talk him out of driving that day: "Oh, I don't need a treat. M-maybe we can all walk over and pick up Joyce."This may have been intended as a response to William's "Excuse me, ladies, I have to go rescue yonder Queen at the Sav-Mart. She doth have many bags of delicious grub for us to feast upon." {{Headphones|fileDont-need-a-treat.ogg}}
* Max in 2008, warning herself after having gone back in time through a photo: "Just do not get trapped in this photo. Don't think about it." {{Headphones|file# Do-not-get-trapped.ogg}}
* Max in 2008 when she looks at the snow doe: "Of course, the snow doe belonged to William!"The only dialogue option in the current version of the game (v1.0.0.397609) when Max looks at the snow doe is, "That's a cool snow doe..." {{Headphones|fileSnow-doe-William.ogg}}
* After waking up in the [Alternative Timeline (Life is Strange)](alternative_timeline.md) and realizing she is a [Vortex Club](vortex_club.md) member, Max has a monologue saying, "Victoria is my BFF... Warren thinks... I'm a freak...". [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Max apologizes after getting up from the lawn: "Sorry, I have to go". [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Taylor's line: "Cute, maybe Max is high". [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* There's also a short conversation occuring when Max tries to talk to Warren and Stella ("Hey, Warren... *ehem* Stella."), but they diss Max and call her a "fucking weirdo", and say that "class is so fucking boring".[File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Max at the end of this episode: "No way... C'mon, take it easy." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* The audio files for Episode 3, "[Episode 3: Chaos Theory](chaos_theory.md)", contain a file called "VO_E3_6B.STM_pck-0000000043", featuring [Anderson Berry](officer_berry.md)'s voice: "Since you know so much about episode two, maybe you should tell me what's going on? I sure hope you're not proud of yourself for playing a leaked, incomplete game, and, if you do it again, next time you roll through Arcadia Bay might be your last time. Choose wisely."[File:Headphones.png](16px.md)

* Max commenting on herself when she wakes up after the night Kate jumped: "Take it easy, super Max. Save your strength."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00074.ogg}}
** Max commenting on herself if she was suspended: "And since you are suspended, you can sleep in. Some punishment."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00013.ogg}}
** Max pondering if she was not suspended: "Chloe, Kate and Rachel are so different, but Blackwell treated them all the same. Now I feel like I am next. If I don't get expelled... or worse..."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00145.ogg}}
** Max pondering if she was suspended: "Chloe, Kate and Rachel are so different, but Blackwell treated them all the same. Now I feel like I am next. If I don't get expelled after my suspension... or worse."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00043.ogg}}
** Max commenting on Kate's suicide: "Kate might as well have been dragged upon that roof. She's just a pawn."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00078.ogg}}
** Max commenting if she was not suspended: "And I still have to get it for class in a few hours. Ough..."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00049.ogg}}
** Max commenting if Kate was dead: "Kate didn't just jump. She might as well have been pushed."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00090.ogg}}
** Max commenting: "Maybe I still have time to stop anybody else from getting hurt."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00177.ogg}}
** Max commenting: "Yes, I look like ass, but... to thine own selfie be true." {{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00126.ogg}}
*  Max commenting in the dark corridor with her cellphone flashlight on: "Release the evening ritual."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00035.ogg}}
** Max commenting on vortex club poster: "I am so ready to lay the smack down on these Vortex Club zombies."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00112.ogg}}
** Max commenting: "Man, everything is so quiet tonight. It's already like a funeral."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00094.ogg}}
** Max commenting on Kate's shrine if she was dead: "I'm sorry, Kate. I wish I could've gone further back in time to save you."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00050.ogg}}
** Max commenting on Juliet's slate: "Juliet is already on her next exposé."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00175.ogg}}
** Max commenting on Stella's slate: "Stella is so quiet, but always sincere."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00151.ogg}}
** Max commenting on Brooke's slate if Kate was dead: "Brooke sounds properly pissed off."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00085.ogg}}
** Max commenting on Kate's video link on the mirror in bathroom if Kate was dead: "Nice memorial. I definitely should have erased this earlier today."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00106.ogg}}
** Max thinking before sneaking into Victoria's room: "What if Victoria is in there? Who cares? I can always rewind if she sees me. Sorry, Victoria."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00010.ogg}}
** Max thinking after sneaking into Victoria's room: "Hmm... Dana called it. Victoria isn't in her room. The rules don't apply to her, of course."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00197.ogg}}
** Max commenting on a Vortex Club poster: "Your party days are over."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00017.ogg}}
** "I really hope that shit is all over now."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00093.ogg}}
* Dana in her room, talking to Max about Kate's suicide: "Fine. You made your point. Now leave me alone."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00068.ogg}}
** "Listen, that's all I know. I'm done here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00123.ogg}}
** "No kidding. This is not why I came to Blackwell academy. Now I have headache. So you better let me crash. Let's talk later on."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_1A.STM_00059.ogg}}
** "Good, night."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_1A.STM_00098.ogg}}
* Max wandering in science class while Chloe trying to open principal's office door: "You're uncertain, so think like Einstein. Look for clues around here."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00004.ogg}}
** "The school is so quiet at night. I should get back to Chloe in case she causes a ruckus."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00009.ogg}}
* Chloe trying to open principal's office door: "Oh, one of these keys has to work, it better."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00060.ogg}}
** Chloe commenting on keys: "Fuck you keys. I hate you."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00212.ogg}}
** Chloe calling to Max: "Maxine, my keys are broken. Please get over here."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00080.ogg}}
** Chloe asking for help: "Max, now if you don't mind, I could use your help."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00015.ogg}}
* Max talking with Chloe in principal's office (if Kate jumped): "Hard to believe I was just sitting here hours ago after Kate jumped."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00255.ogg}}
** Max talking with Chloe in principal's office (if Kate survived): "It was so weird being in here after Kate almost jumped."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00100.ogg}}
** Chloe: "I bet Max. Now let's examine these important papers."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00032.ogg}}
** Max: "Please keep it down Chloe."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00026.ogg}}
* [context missing] In ArtClass, Max: "Wowser. Are all these photos for the contest?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00265.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Corridor, Max: "How can my sad selfies compete with these? Evan has a lens for an eye."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00036.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "No fire here."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00111.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Locked, of course."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00218.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "There has got to be a key here. Find it, Max."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00171.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I can't wait to see Chloe's face when the door blows."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00261.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Gurrgh, Victoria's expensive perfume reeks. Why was she here with Mr. Jefferson."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00116.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Samuel truly is a weirdo, but he is great at cleaning up"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00214.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Forget it."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00160.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Ah, yes. Now to help my friend."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00248.ogg}}
* [context missing] In PrinOffice, Max: "Please help me open the cabinets"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00220.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "This is such a secret key."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00174.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "{{Wiki|Old Mother Hubbard}} went to the cupboard."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00210.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Let's see what Blackwell knows about Dana."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00129.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Why hello, little key."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00078.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Look out, Principal Wells. Here I come."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00193.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Locked."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00156.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Unlocked."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00259.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Looks like Mr. Jefferson is more popular than I thought."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00121.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "'Open', says Max."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00135.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Another closed door."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00091.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "She's got a whole other life outside Blackwell."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00216.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I mocked Principal Wells, but I'm the loser who stole the handicapped fund."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00181.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I mocked Principal Wells, but I almost stole the handicapped fund."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00098.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Whoa, is she passing these posters out or collecting them?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00050.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Man. The Prescotts are so generous."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00254.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "You can see how much Mr. Jefferson really loves doing this."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00150.ogg}}
* [context missing] In SciClass, Max: "Yes, there is one."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00205.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I can use it to take a box."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00213.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Look, the poor skeleton is still addicted to smoking. Give it up before it's too late."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00105.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Wowser, Daniel really did a nice job. Not bad for a stunt muse."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00095.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Empty, no can do. Wait, see what you did there? You so punny."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00033.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Screw David Madsen. I'm still glad I signed the petition."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00246.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Well, at least it's not leaving a paper trail here at Blackwell."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00253.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I bet he did evil experiments with those kids."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00270.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Think Max, you're in a science class. There has to be the sodium chloride for dummies here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00103.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "It's fun to be the king of the hall, but I need to see if Chloe was able to get into the Principal's office."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00030.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Come on, only two more files left."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00303.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Okay Max, just one file to go."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00295.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Spooky."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00093.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "The box is too high, I need a chair to take it."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00217.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Note to Max: Try to blow the door up, not yourself. Thanks."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00227.ogg}}
* [context missing] In the corridor, Chloe: "This is bullshit. Fuck you, door!"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00169.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Max, get your ass over here and look at this."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00020.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Come here, Max. You are not gonna believe this shit."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00204.ogg}}
* [context missing] In PrinOffice, Chloe: "Let's get busy."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00079.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Okay, boring."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00122.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "And nothing here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_2A.STM 00215.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Disappointed!"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_2A.STM 00085.ogg}}
* [context missing] In SwimPool, Max: "These rules clearly don't apply to me."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00135.ogg}}
** Max comments on poster "Swim Tutor Wanted!\n For Special Needs student age 12 with limited mobility but an unlimited spirit! \n Please contact Denise Resendez: dr@educators.og": "Aww, I hope Denise finds her best swim tutor ever."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00001.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Taylor has more makeup in here than I've owned in my entire life."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00130.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "This is sweet. Daniel is quite the artist."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00081.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "That is some dank butt Justin. Glad Chloe isn't here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00141.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I'm sure Blackwell will retire the name any day now."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00057.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Sorry Victoria. I'm only human, and you are not."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00109.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Don't do it Max. Be the change you wish to see. Don't Max."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00100.ogg}}
** Max comments on poster "DO OR DIVE!\n Join The Otters!\n Now in their 12th Straight Championship Season!\n Tryouts for Spring 2014!\n November 1-3, 2013, 8:00 am-9:00 pm\n Blackwell Academy Swimming Pool": "I think I'm busy that week. Assuming we're still here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00019.ogg}}
** Max comments on poster "In It To Swim It! \n Apply For The Jenn Stroud Swim Scholarship Now!\n Every year the Stroud Foundation awards scholarships to deserving\n students devoted to academic and aquatic excellence.\n For how to apply, send an email to JstroudSwim@JSScholarship.su": "This is not fair to us paddlers."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00047.ogg}}
** Max comments on poster "JOIN THE SWIM N' SWING TEAM\n Come on down to the Blackwell Pool for a grand ol' time\n Join the Swim N' Swing Synchronization Team Today!": "Not an ounce of iron(?) here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00181.ogg}}
** Max comments on poster "The Ty Webb Lifeguard Scholarship\n Be the hero while you learn! \n The Ty Webb Scholarship needs fresh applicants now!\n For more information: BeTheHero@TyWebbCo.cs": "Ty Webb sounds like a serious money."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00002.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "This test is putting me to sleep. I'm no otter."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00005.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Those fluffy towels are tempting me."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00148.ogg}}
* [context missing] In SwimPool, Max: "I'm just glad I signed that petition to ban surveillance cameras."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00043.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Who else is watching us? Maybe I should've sign that petition to ban surveillance cameras."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00116.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Hey, are you okay?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00166.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Don't cover your face."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00015.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Whoa ah, stop!"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00008.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Hehe... take that... hehe..."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00078.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Chloe, stop."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00065.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "No, quit!"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00102.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Stop!"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00172.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Hey... hehe... "{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00089.ogg}}
** [context missing] SecurityGuard2: "I swear, I saw light by the pool. Come on!"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00058.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "We are not free yet."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_3A.STM 00026.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Max, find another spot. You have the power."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_3A.STM 00128.ogg}}
* [context missing] In bathroom, Max: "Tempting, but breakfast calls."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5A.STM 00042.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Chloe's room, Max: "Oh, I love that Chloe keeps that photo with her."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5A.STM 00011.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Dirty threats, gross."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5A.STM 00091.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Yes. There'll be fresh threats in here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5A.STM 00079.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "What if this whole week were just a dream and... I'm waking up now."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5A.STM 00142.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Would I be sad if I actually didn't have my power?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5A.STM 00005.ogg}}
** context missing] Max: "No, I'd be sad because Chloe and I wouldn't be friends again."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5A.STM 00064.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Hey, Chloe. What are these, huh? What are these?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5A.STM 00081.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Chloe is all over Frank's shit now. But how connected is he to Rachel?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5A.STM 00021.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Nathan must know something. Or he's completely tweaking ."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5A.STM 00019.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Glad to see Chloe's snow globe in one piece."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5A.STM 00085.ogg}}
* [context missing] In the corridor, Max: "Better hurry. Joyce is waiting, and cooking."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5A.STM 00024.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Chloe's room, Chloe: "Give the old beast time to boot up."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5A.STM 00111.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Go show some love to mom's breakfast. Then we can go into the garage and plunder step-fuck's secret files."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5A.STM 00110.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "It's eggs o'clock."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00274.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "May I present? bacon.....hmmmm"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00057.ogg}}
** [context missing] Joyce: "Thank you. Ah... I was worried about that thing."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00218.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Then show what's in your files and prove she's wrong."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00145.ogg}}
** [context missing] David: "You are gonna take the word of this stoner?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00263.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I'm the one you got suspended, rebel."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00120.ogg}}
** [context missing] David: "I get it. You and Max hate me. What exactly my being accused of?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00129.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Chloe."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00163.ogg}}
** [context missing] Joyce: "What happened?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00268.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "You know more about her than me."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00085.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "You better dished up some dirty from the garage."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00279.ogg}}
** [context missing] Dr. Hedorah: "No, but... we have to start with the hypothesis that climate change is a partial cause for the unseasonal weather. That doesn't explain everything, of course. Frankly, we don't know yet."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00016.ogg}}
** [context missing] Dr. Hedorah: "I hope we see more patterns which gives us an atmospheric template."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00074.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "Good but.... That doesn't explain the recent extreme weather patterns."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00201.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "Dr. Hedorah, would your team know more after their latest tests?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00098.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "Many local residents of Arcadia Bay have been questioning: What has been going on with this crazy weather?  We have an eclipse yesterday, er... snow storm two days ago. Which, as most of you know, is not common this time of the year. It's unprecedented, to be honest with you. The last time that we have a snow storm, this caliber was over a hundred years ago. All of us are questioning, what is happening in Arcadia Bay? Please feel free to call in and let me know what your experience has been. What do you think this might be? Is this global warming? What is causing all of this crazy weather?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00104.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "Many local residents of Arcadia Bay have been questioning: What has been going on with this crazy weather?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00041.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "We have an eclipse yesterday, er... snow storm two days ago. Which, as most of you know, is not common this time of the year."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00026.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: " It's unprecedented, to be honest with you. The last time that we have a snow storm, this caliber was over a hundred years ago."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00076.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "All of us are questioning, what is happening in Arcadia Bay?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00067.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "Please feel free to call in and let me know what your experience has been. What do you think this might be? Is this global warming? What is causing all of this crazy weather?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00254.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Garage, Max: "Oh, no. Big brother is watching me."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00271.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Oh, man. There's David's lonely uniform. Now I feel bad."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00100.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "So, David has been dragging his dead head around since November 28, 2001. That looks like it could be a pass number."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00047.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "David's dog tag from Iraq."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00272.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Maybe David actually cares about Chloe."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00020.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I'll plug this one in."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00177.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "What did you do to Kate, David?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00273.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Locked."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00214.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Could be a pass number."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00251.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Garden, Max: "A lot of critter footprints around here. If I see a big footprint, I'm running."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00260.ogg}}
* [context missing] In LivingRoom, Max: "No way, that's the blue bird I saved Monday in Joyce's room."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00280.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Of course, Chloe will be pissed at me for defending David."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00238.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I only defended David because I actually feel sorry for him."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00127.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Sorry you were kicked out of the army and now Blackwell. Not."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00103.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I understand why David isn't smiling any more."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00009.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I wonder what everybody saw when they saw that eclipse... if anything."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00017.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Fruit VS bacon. Who will win?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00282.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I want to erase this, but... I better not."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00093.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Wonder if there's any news about Kate."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00159.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Hmm....It feels great to see Joyce happy again."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_5B.STM 00227.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Okay. There must be clues about David's password around here."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_5B.STM 00033.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Diner, Max: "Hmm....I should find out what Nathan has to say about that."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00115.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Now I can't wait to see Nathan's response."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00131.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Frank is a very interesting guy. Time to start shit."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00220.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "So, what is Frank going to say about this?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00277.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I should talk to officer Berry about this."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00161.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Let's see what officer Berry has to say now."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00171.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Crash and burn Max. I should talk to that officer, or even Nathan, to find out some juicy secrets that could help me get the keys."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00242.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I better talk to somebody else, so I can gather more info."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00458.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Okay. I definitely need to move on to find out more information."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00248.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "If I was a total asshole, I will take Nathan's styling and camera too."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00430.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I could start the revolution with my power."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00372.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I so do not want to share this with Chloe, but... she has to know."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00191.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Too much caffeine in that crap. I'll stick with tea."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00417.ogg}}
* [context missing] In DinerPark, Max: "More dead critters?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00281.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Good to know in case I need a quick getaway."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00226.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Looks like a nice place to visit, with no drama."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00028.ogg}}
* [context missing] In FrankRV, Max: "Even a slob like Frank keeps a record book."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00337.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Boring."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00346.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I wonder who Frank wants to go away."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00330.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Frank, I actually believe that you do hurt Rachel."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00276.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Not even gonna touch that."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00214.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "And "Peace to you", Frank Bowers."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00450.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Oh man. Rachel and Pompidou ."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00285.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I think I can't open it."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00279.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Diner, Max: "So the Vortex Club won't survive another scandal."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00003.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "You are the boss?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00002.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "So the Vortex Club won't survive another scandal."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00065.ogg}}
** [context missing] KBay7Host: "Many local residents of Arcadia Bay have been questioning: What has been going on with this crazy weather? We have an eclipse yesterday, er... snow storm two days ago. Which, as most of you know, is not common this time of the year. It's unprecedented, to be honest with you. The last time that we have a snow storm, this caliber was over a hundred years ago. All of us are questioning, what is happening in Arcadia Bay? Please feel free to call in and let me know what your experience has been. What do you think this might be? Is this global warming? What is causing all of this crazy weather?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00328.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Thanks. I've always wanted to do that."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00396.ogg}}
* [context missing] In DinerPark, Max: "Oh, no."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00262.ogg}}
* [context missing] In unknown, Nathan: "What the fuck ever, brah. It's survived this long without you or anybody else?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00095.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "You must really like your junkyard hideaway."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00105.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "So you and Rachel were close."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00140.ogg}}
** [context missing] Nathan: "Right. Now eat shit and die, bitch."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00163.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Not for long, brah."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00269.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Like your sugar daddy wouldn't protect you? He always does."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00270.ogg}}
** [context missing] Nathan: "Oh, you'll find out, when you least expect it. Seriously, that's it. We're done talking, camera girl."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00320.ogg}}
** [context missing] Frank: "Yeah, so did your friend Chloe... and Rachel."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_6B.STM 00331.ogg}}
** [context missing] Frank: "Sorry Law and Order. No warrant, no questions. Now get back to your goddamn desk."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_6B.STM 00385.ogg}}
* [context missing] In LivingRoom, Max: "Listen, don't let your dad take his car now. I know it sounds weird, but please believe me. Something terrible is going to happen. You have to stop him! Right now."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00097.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Whoa. What is this?"{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_8A.STM 00155.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Dude, I'm so lucky that my father is cool."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00151.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Max, you're being so fucking strange. Like you'll never gonna see us again."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_8A.STM 00125.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "I don't know exactly what you are talking about, but... come on. You have made things different. Like, my whole life. You are my best friend. I've got you and a great family. What's it to be sorry for? We'll be best friends for ever. And when we grow up, we're taking over the world."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00093.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Chloe, I'm so sorry. I tried to make things different for you. I... I did try. I'm sorry."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_8A.STM 00058.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Listen! Whatever happens, I want you to be strong. Even if you feel like I wasn't there for you. Because I'll never abandon you Chloe. I'll always have your back. Always."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00114.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I will."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_8A.STM 00083.ogg}}
** [context missing] William: "I knew this thing will come in handy. How did my keys get out here?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00146.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I know Chloe will."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_8A.STM 00077.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "Mr. Price? Errr... I don't think you should go just yet. There's bad traffic out there and it could be dangerous."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00092.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Another dollar for the swear jar."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_8A.STM 00005.ogg}}
** [context missing] William: "Okay, where did you last put those keys? Think, think! Ah, screw that."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00059.ogg}}
** [context missing] William: "You won't escape me now, haha."{{Headphones|fileVO_E3_8A.STM 00008.ogg}}
** [context missing] Chloe: "Dude, I'm so lucky that my father is cool."{{Headphones|file# VO_E3_8A.STM 00130.ogg}}

##  Episode Four - "[Episode 4: Dark Room](dark_room.md)" 
* William's conversation with young Max and Chloe in 2008 as he leaves with his car keys: "These keys aren't as faithful as you and Max. Be right back. Maybe I'll have an early treat from Bean City... if the queen lets her squire have a mocha."This audio file was replaced in the current version of the game (v1.0.0.397609) with: ''"Don't blow it because tonight your mother promised to make us her world-famous salmon surprise with chocolate cake for dessert. Max, you'll be here too, right?"'' {{Headphones|fileWilliam-found_keys.ogg}} . . . "Watch out for Chloe while I'm gone, Max." {{Headphones|file# William-watch_out_for_chloe.ogg}} . . . "I will." {{Headphones|fileMax-affirmation.ogg}}
* Jefferson complimenting Chloe in front of the Prescott Dormitory: "With that ink you'd be a perfect model for skater clothes." - "Thanks. That'd be totally... bitchin'. Isn't that hobby talk there?" {{Headphones|file# SkaterClothes.ogg}}
* Nathan after fighting with Warren on the dormitory floor: "I saw it... *laugh* I saw it, the storm. Everybody's waiting for the storm. [...] *shouting* The storm is coming! Oh, you're all gonna die! I see you, I see all of you, and you're all gonna die!"This unused audio file indicates that it was planned to reveal that Nathan knew about the storm. That could also explain the hint in Principal Wells' office stating he would've tried to steal the Tobanga totem. One of the game directors later confirmed in an interview that it was thought to be in Episode 5, but was scrapped pre-release because it didn't make enough sense story-wise and there weren't enough hints to this before the final episode. Part of it was used in the trailer for Episode 4. Explained here: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?vxhxh3Iy_3Ic Life Is Strange Spoilercast - Kinda Funny Gamescast Special] [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Max giving instructions to Warren after the fight "What you can do is hole up in your room and find out if there is any more storm warnings" (instead of finding informations about Nathan's father). It was probably linked to the unused dialogue with Nathan warning them that the storm is coming. [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Warren playing a video game on the toilet in the boys' dormitory: "Come on, baby..."[File:Headphones.png](16px.md) . . . "Gimme those points, freaky octopus..."[File:Headphones.png](16px.md) . . . "One more match and you’re mine..."[File:Headphones.png](16px.md) . . . "Level up, bitch!"[File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
** Max listening to Warren playing the video game on the toilet: "When you gotta play, you gotta play... Remind me not to use that guy's phone."[File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
** Max looking at the heavily graffitied door to the boys' toilets: "Even if my bladder was on fire, I would never enter that door. Ever." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
** Warren saying Max's name in surprise (perhaps upon seeing her inside the boys' dorms): "Max?" [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Chloe after killing Frank on the beach: "All I know is that, I committed a murder. Max, I actually killed somebody. I'm sorry Max. I destroy everything I touch. You should just bail on me now."Max: "Oh God, this is terrible. I shouldn't have let this happen. Now Chloe could actually go to jail. She'll understand that you were saving the life of a friend." "I'm glad you're back on my team, Chloe. I can't do this without you. You committed self-defense. Rachel would never let Frank attack you. We have to focus on Rachel right now. Time is the one thing we actually don't have anymore."Chloe: "Sigh. Uh okay, you're right. Focus on Rachel. It's all about Rachel now. Okay, what's wrong? What's right? Maybe you forgot I just fucking killed Frank Bowers. I killed a man who loved Rachel... and who Rachel loved. Is that how I help her? I can't believe I killed Frank. He was alive... and then he was dead... Because of me... and Rachel loved him... maybe more than me. So this is how I help her? Oh God. Max, I'm going to go to the police after we find Rachel... I can't live with keeping this a secret. I'm... I don't want to be a teenage fugitive on the run. And dude, I swear I won't even mention you. Okay? This is all me. What's going to happen to me now? Please, please, please let us find Rachel. I can't believe this is happening. I can't. Frank tried to kill you what else could I do?" [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* It was apparently possible for Chloe to die at the end of the confrontation with Frank on the beach, as several unused audio files named "Chloedead" seem to indicate. (Frank)"You like having a gun pointed at you, bitch?Huh?" / (Chloe)"No, she doesn't, asshole!" / (Frank)"Dumbass" / (Max)"Chloe!"{{Headphones|file# Chloedead.ogg‎}}
* Inner thought from Max while on the beach: "We're getting so close to Rachel Amber, just as Arcadia Bay is on the edge of disaster."*{{Headphones|fileVO_E4_4A.STM_80~Act_E4_4A_Beach_ScriptedParkingLot_Max_020.ogg‎}}*
* Max in the junkyard when realizing who shot Chloe (instead of remaining silent while staring at Jefferson): "You..." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Max in the [Dark Room (Location)](dark_room.md) at the end of this episode: "No, stop... Somebody help me... Please, stop... *sob* Please... please, help... Don't do this... Oh, no... Help me! Why are you doing this?" [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)

* [context missing] In Garage, Max: "I'm so sorry Chloe. I'll see you soon, I promise."{{Headphones|file# VO_E4_2B.STM 00022.ogg}}
* [context missing] In CampusB, Justin: "Hey Max. Do you know Chloe? She rocks."{{Headphones|fileVO_E4_5B.STM 00022.ogg}}
** [context missing] Grant: "We all being watched, no matter what."{{Headphones|file# VO_E4_5B.STM 00274.ogg}}
** [context missing] Samuel: "We do, but... I'm so glad that my petitions stopped Mr. Madson's surveillance."{{Headphones|fileVO_E4_5B.STM 00060.ogg}}

##  Episode Five - "[Episode 5: Polarized](polarized.md)" 
* Jefferson to Max regarding Nathan in the Dark Room: "Like you Max, I... am a camera. And like some cultures believe I'm going to use my camera. To capture... your... soul. Now take a break. I need to deal with Nathan first. Don't worry, our session is just... getting started."This unused audio file indicates that it was planned for Nathan to still be alive after Max finds herself in the Dark Room. It would've been possible for him to make another appearance in this episode, and it would've also been possible for Max to save him in that situation. [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Kate in Jefferson's class room after Max approaches her: "I hope I'm not bothering you. As long as I have friends like you everything should be okay. Max, you gave me strength. Thank you. Thank you for being such a good friend. You're so kind and patient with me. I hope you don't think I'm being silly. It's not such a shitty day now. You have a great heart and soul." {{Headphones|fileYouGaveMeStrengthh.ogg}}
* In the plane, Max could make this inner comment: "And now I'm flying 30000 feet over the world, on the way to my first gallery show... in San Francisco. So maybe this is my own heaven."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_3A.STM_1~Act_E5_3A_Plane_IdleLines_Scripted_Max_060.ogg‎}} (note: commercial jets tend to fly between 35000 and 42000 feet)
* In the plane, Max could make this inner comment: "Maybe I'll need counselling (sigh)... I have been through my own hell."{{Headphones|fileVO_E5_3A.STM_31~Act_E5_3A_Plane_IdleLines_Scripted_Max_050.ogg‎}}
* In the plane, Max could make this inner comment: "Get your bearings Max. You were trapped in a darkroom... then you time-warped back to Jefferson's class on Monday. Check. You sent a warning text to David and actually turned in your photo for the contest. Check. (sigh) Now what will happen?"{{Headphones|file# ‎VO_E5_3A.STM_48~Act_E5_3A_Plane_IdleLines_Scripted_Max_020.ogg}}
* In the plane, Max could make this inner comment: "I know she will be devastated about Rachel and it crushes me to thing of her and Rachel's family dealing with this nightmare. I wish I could have gone back further. But... at least the police have Nathan and Jefferson... and they'll never hurt anybody else."{{Headphones|file‎VO_E5_3A.STM_58~Act_E5_3A_Plane_IdleLines_Scripted_Max_040.ogg}}
*Max in the [Zeitgeist Gallery](san_francisco_art_gallery.md): "I love this map of the city, it's so romantic." "I could take so many epic shots from anywhere in the city." "The Zeitgeist Gallery. Starring Max Caulfield." "Anyway, this really is so cool." "*Windows* by Maxine Caulfield, 2013." "Ugh, Maxine, for reals? Sigh, eat me." {{Headphones|file# SoRomantic.ogg}}
*Max in the San Francisco Art Gallery thinking about Chloe: "There'll be another contest, Max... You won't get another Chloe..." {{Headphones|fileAnotherContest.ogg}}
* Max looking at some random girl in the Gallery: "She's cute... I wonder what kinda style I'll have in a few years." {{Headphones|file# ‎MaxShesCute.ogg}}
* Max going back in time through her [Everyday Heroes Photo Contest](everyday_heroes_contest.md) photo: "Nothing will keep us apart again, Chloe... not even time." {{Headphones|fileNotEvenTime.ogg}}
* Max looking at her desk when between realities (not possible in the final game): "I can't leave warnings to myself everywhere, I'll end up changing too much... or worse" [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)"baby steps Max, do as little as possible, please"[File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* David in the Dark Room after saving Max: "Now this is exactly why I don't trust man with goatees." {{Headphones|file# WhyDontTrustGoatees.ogg}}
* Max looking at Nathan's jacket after having been freed by David (the jacket didn't make it in the final game) "If Nathan had more help, more support *sigh* this might have gone a different way. I think about him, chilling on the grass in the other timeline... I hate what he did but... I can't hate him".{{Headphones|file16Eg.ogg‎}}
* Max looking at Mr. Jefferson's car: "Almost as good as a DeLorean" (reference to Back to the Future) [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Frank and [Joyce Price](joyce.md) talking about dogs and Chloe in the Two Whales Diner:
****Pompidou is alive: **"Frank, what's the name of your doggie again?" {{Headphones|fileVO_E5_5C.STM_58~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouAlive_IGE_Joyce_010.ogg}} - "Pompidou. Don't laugh." {{Headphones|file# VO_E5_5C.STM_217~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouAlive_IGE_Frank_020.ogg}} - "Oh, that's so cute. Chloe wanted a dog, too." {{Headphones|fileVO_E5_5C.STM_336~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouAlive_IGE_Joyce_030.ogg}} - "She'd be good with dogs. I know these things." {{Headphones|file# VO_E5_5C.STM_15~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouAlive_IGE_Frank_040.ogg}} - "If we get out of here, I'll buy her a whole pound." {{Headphones|fileVO_E5_5C.STM_310~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Joyce_050.ogg}} - "These dogs, they have a way of making us... human." {{Headphones|file# VO_E5_5C.STM_27~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Frank_060.ogg}}
****Pompidou is dead: **"Frank, don't you have a... a little doggie?" {{Headphones|fileVO_E5_5C.STM_201~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Joyce_010.ogg}} - "I did. I did have a dog... Pompidou. He's dead." {{Headphones|file# VO_E5_5C.STM_152~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Frank_020.ogg}} - "Oh, I'm so sorry... I always wanted Chloe to get a dog." {{Headphones|fileVO_E5_5C.STM_278~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Joyce_030.ogg}} - "Now she's gonna need one after today" {{Headphones|file# VO_E5_5C.STM_198~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Frank_040.ogg}} - "If we get out of here, I'll buy her a whole pound." {{Headphones|fileVO_E5_5C.STM_310~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Joyce_050.ogg}} - "These dogs, they have a way of making us... human."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_5C.STM_27~Cue_E5_5C_Diner_FrankJoycePompidouDead_IGE_Frank_060.ogg}}
* Warren trying to take a picture of himself with Max in the [Blackwell Parking Lot](parking_lot.md) outside the [End of the World Party](end_of_the_world_party.md): "Say 'cheese,' dumbshit." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
*The following unused audio conversation was meant to take place in the Blackwell parking lot after we hear the following line from Chloe, *"I hear you, Max... but do you think we should let Jefferson get away with torture and murder?"* There were originally two choices planned aside from telling David about Jefferson: go to the police (active), or let karma deal with Jefferson (passive).
****Max chooses "police":**
***Max: "No! We go to the police and let them take over. We have plenty of evidence." {{Headphones|file# Max-police.ogg}}
***Chloe: "Who owns the police here? And they'd probably put us in a fucking cell! Max, I know you're still in shock over what happened... but we have to face this reality... Let's go get him!" {{Headphones|fileChloe-police.ogg}}
****Max chooses "karma":**
***Max: "As long as you're alive, I don't care. Karma will catch up to him eventually." {{Headphones|file# Max-karma.ogg}}
***Chloe: "I'd like to think that and just take off with you right now.But Max... I don't trust karma anymore. Rachel deserves justice. Now. With our help..." {{Headphones|fileChloe-karma.ogg}}
****If Max chooses "David", and after Chloe asks Max why they should involve/trust him:**
***Max:"I know he's been difficult, but... he's the only one who knows what's going on and he's the only one who can help us." {{Headphones|file# Max-involve-david.ogg}}
*Said by Max at the end of the parking lot scene when she takes Chloe's hand. It was probably cut due to redundancy as it's already clear that Chloe is following: "Now follow me…"Max's line in the current version of the game (v1.0.0.397609), "I’ll always believe you, Chloe", sounds much more impactive. {{Headphones|fileMax-follow-me.ogg}}
*Max's original line before it was tweaked for better structure, pacing and cadence in the version we hear in the game: "Yes, you are. So listen: In a few minutes, I won't know any of this happened... Nothing. You have to tell me exactly what I did and said... Just explain that I traveled through time using the photo... We have to stay in your room and do nothing. Then we explain everything to David... and we finally let him do his job."The line as it appears in the current version of the game (v1.0.0.397609): "Yes, you are. So, listen... In a few minutes, I won't know any of this happened... nothing. We absolutely have to stay in your room and do nothing. Then we explain everything to David, and we finally let him do his job. You'll have to tell me exactly what I did and said just now. Just explain that I traveled through time using the photo." {{Headphones|file# Max-remember-nothing-game.ogg}} {{Headphones|fileMax-remember-nothing-alt.ogg}}
* Kate in Max's nightmare depending on Max's success on saving Kate either thanking her or accusing her: "Max, you saved me. Thank you. Bless your soul. I think you need it. An angel can contain many forms, Max. How many more people will you save?" "Max, all I can say is... A-Fucking-Men." "Max, did you see me fall? Did you? I can't believe you would let me die like that. Gross. I thought you had special powers, Max. You're a phony. I hope you took a nice selfie when I hit the ground, Max. Remember: The last thing I ever saw was your face. Oh yes, Max, you care so much about me you told me to be strong. Yeah, that works. Next time you quote a bible, try to pick an apropos quote, idiot. My family doesn't care about me, understand? And if you think free hugs will save me you were out of your mind. Max, Nathan drugged me, and Jefferson took all those gross photos of me. I bet you wish you could take shots like that, huh? You might win a Pulitzer." {{Headphones|file# AFuckingMen.ogg}}
* Additional dialog between Dark-Chloe and the others from the Dark Room sequence of Max's nightmare. {{Headphones|fileYamamotoOuutfit.ogg}}
**Chloe and Victoria: "Damn Victoria, you're a real woman. Not a little girl like Max." - "Look at my Yamamoto outfit. I don't wear jeans and t-shirts like that hillbilly hipster." - "I bet you'd even get some hella cool ink with me." - " I fucking love your tats Chloe. You're soo hot." - "It's the company I keep." - "I can't believe it took us so long to hook up."
**Nathan and Chloe: Nathan: "I hear that. Do you..want to party? I have a drug store in my room." Chloe: "I bet you need it after that nerd Warren sucker punched you. Fuck yeah! Good thing Max stopped that nerd Warren from attacking you." Nathan: " Like I couldn't kick that homo's ass." Chloe: " I get so turned on watching bros fight. Let me show you Nathan."
**Warren to Max: "I'm glad you dumped in the friend-zone for Chloe. After everything I did for you.. You'll just use her up and shit her out."
**Warren and Chloe: Warren: "Have you seen her photography? My ten year old cousin does the same selfie shit. She doesn't end up in no art gallery." Chloe: "She's like all those artsy fartsy hipsters. But, Maxine would never get a tat. 'I'm too scared!' She wouldn't even turn in a photograph. She's just a coward. She never helped me."
**Chloe to Mr. Jefferson about Max: "She's as tough as tapioca."
**Warren to Chloe: "Damn, girl. You know how to make me feel like a man. Not a Max."
**Chloe to Max: "Are you cereal? You can't even strike a real pose. Hey Max, next time you get rewind skills, try banging everybody or at least win the lottery. Do you really need a toy camera to take pictures? Grow the fuck up.
* Max in the Dark Room scene of her nightmare. Max is distraught about Dark-Chloe and the real Chloe is trying to get her out of the nightmare. Max: "This is not real. Chloe, stop that. What's wrong with everybody? Max, you know this isn't happening. Do you think Chloe would act like that? Damn, this is cruel, just ignore everything. It's not real." Chloe: "Don't believe this. Max, you know that's not me. Dude, you know me better than that. Max, this is not reality. Damn, I would never pull that shit. Max, listen to my voice. Girl, you better trust me, not your dream." {{Headphones|file# ChloeStopThat.ogg}}
*There are several unused lines from the characters patrolling the stealth maze in Max's nightmare. [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
**Mr. Jefferson: "Chloe and Rachel were trash compared to you." / "I don't trust men without goatees."
**David Madsen: "Hey, Max. Do you have any money I can borrow to take care of my family? It'll be hard... AFTER YOU GOT ME FIRED." / "Good thing you signed that petition to stop my surveillance system. How many more people will die because of you?"
**Frank: "He-he-hey. Thanks for killing me, Max. You're a real badass." / "I saved [Pompidou](pompidou.md), and you killed him. What an everyday hero." "You should never have kept Chloe's gun, Max. Did it save you?"
**Nathan: "You almost fucking killed Victoria with that paint can, dumbass. But I'm the scary one, huh?" / "You think I'm a freak? Haha. Who's the weirdo that wanted to see me get a bloody face?" / "Rachel never treated me like shit. But you... did." / "Warren is the real psycho Max. But you know that, right?" / "My dad used to beat me. But now, you've let Warren beat me." / "Too bad you didn't let Warren beat my ass. Now I'm gonna beat your ass, brah." / "Just admit it. You hate me because I'm rich. Admit it!" / "Did you know I loved Rachel? I never wanted to hurt anybody!" / "Does it feel good to have another dead Blackwell student on your conscience?"
**Principal Wells: "Poor Nathan Prescott was brutally beaten by Max and her punk posse. I've never seen such cruelty. She must pay." / "Max, it's your fault I drink whiskey in my office." (?)
**[William Price](william.md): "First you let me die again. Then you murder my little Chloe? Why, Max? Why?" / "Now that me and Chloe are both dead, are you gonna kill Joyce too?" / "You saw how much pain Chloe was in. Why didn't you do what she asked? What kind of friend are you?" / "Max, I'm so disappointed that you didn't honor my daughter's wishes. You saw what she was going through. Shame on you." / "Not only did you let me die twice, you can't even save my baby. You make me sick, Max." / "Max, I hope somebody gets to make the choice to let you die."This audio file shows that William was planned to appear in this sequence of Max's nightmare at one point. Max's lines at Warren's locker have William in the filename, so he might have been around there. {{Headphones|fileKillJoyceToo.ogg}}
* Max being distraught while watching herself let William die again in the nightmare: "Oh, William. I shouldn't have to choose between Chloe or her dad. I hate seeing this. Chloe... Don't hate me. William... oh, forgive me." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Younger Max talking to Max while watching her burning the photo in her nightmare (probably, unrecorded, just synthesized speech): "Burn, baby, burn." / "You sure this is a good idea, Super Max?"
*Several lines from characters present in the Two Whales Diner sequence.
*Dark Chloe comes into the diner and speaks to the real Max instead of the bad Max: "Max, you know the truth. Do not listen to this bullshit. You know what we've been gone through together this week. You know where we stand. We're a team, and this is reality." {{Headphones|fileDontNeedToRescueMe.ogg}}
* Dark Chloe trying to convince Max to let her die in the Two Whales Diner scene of her nightmare: "Max, you don't always need to rescue me. I know you just feel guilty for not staying in touch. Dude, I'm so not worth this. Look at how much I fuck everybody over. Do you think we're gonna live happily ever after if you've destroyed Arcadia Bay? Give it up, Max. We're too different after all these years. I'm so tired of fighting the world, Max." {{Headphones|file# DontNeedToRescueMe.ogg}}
* Max during the interactive Chloe and Max museum path in her nightmare: "Oh, my Chloe... It feels like we've lived a thousand lives this week. I'd do anything just to wake up next to you... Maybe if I get to the lighthouse, this will all finally end..."DONTNOD have stated that “cues are written originally and sometimes are cut to the final montage, for questions of rhythm, staging…”, and at this point in the game, they thought they had “sufficiently developed the romance between Chloe and Max even without [this cue], just with the images, the kiss that some players had according to their choices”, etc. [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Chloe before Max's final choice at the [Lighthouse](lighthouse.md): "This is your destiny too, Max. And I'm not leaving you. I'll always be at your side. Like you've always been there for me. Remember... you're my partner in time." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Max when Chloe is calling her "Maxine": "Without your power, we couldn't have found her. Okay, so you're not the goddamn Time Master, but you're Maxine Caulfield, and you're amazing." - "Max... never Maxine. You know that." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* A slightly different dialogue between Max and Chloe in the Sacrifice Arcadia Bay ending: "Max, now I'll always be with you." - "I know. You're my best friend." - "Forever." {{Headphones|file# AlwaysBeYourBestFriend.ogg}}
* Max instead of kissing Chloe in the Sacrifice Chloe ending: "Being together this week, it was the best farewell gift I could've hoped for. You're my hero, Max." - "Oh, Chloe... I love you." "You better. I will always love you." Also, Chloe says "don't you ever forget about me" instead of "don't you forget about me"Note 4 also applies to this audio cue. In addition, DONTNOD state that the camera zooming in on their hands as they held hands was sufficiently establishing a romance. Therefore, the inclusion of this dialogue cue became redundant with the visual cues already set up. {{Headphones|fileLiS_VO_E5_7A_ChloeEnd.ogg‎}}
* [David Madsen](david.md) after finding Chloe shot in the school's bathroom: "*crying* God... no... please... Chloe... I'm sorry I didn't make it in time... I'm sorry..." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)
* Max after finding herself on the cliff at the lighthouse in the Sacrifice Chloe ending: "Chloe... au revoir." [File:Headphones.png](16px.md)

* [context missing] In DarkRoom, Jefferson: "They wake up here, I capture their fear. Then, put them back to sleep. And they become pure again. You understand Max?"{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_1B.STM 00014.ogg}}
* [context missing] In ArtClass, Max: "Especially since there's nobody left in your life, I love you too, Max."{{Headphones|fileVO_E5_7B.STM 00430.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "We are going to be so happy in the dark. Just make sure you stay pure. I won't like it if you get dirty like Rachel or Kate."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_7B.STM 00300.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "I hope you don't mind needles or duck tape."{{Headphones|fileVO_E5_7B.STM 00022.ogg}}
** [context missing] Max: "And yes, I insist on calling you Maxine, forever."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_7B.STM 00080.ogg}}
* [context missing] In DarkRoom, Rachel: "Some best friends you have there, Chloe. We're both dead now."{{Headphones|fileVO_E5_7B.STM 00215.ogg}}
** [context missing] Rachel: "Now, I'll never be a star, never be famous. Nobody will ever see my face again."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_7B.STM 00624.ogg}}
* [context missing] In Diner, Grant: "You always were my favorite student, Max. I hope you won't let us down now."{{Headphones|fileVO_E5_7B.STM 00388.ogg}}
** [context missing] Hayden: "Max, Max. How can you let all this killer butt go to waste."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_7B.STM 00543.ogg}}
** [context missing] Luke: "I knew this school would kill me one way or another."{{Headphones|fileVO_E5_7B.STM 00797.ogg}}
** [context missing] Berry: "Max, it was my job to serve and protect Arcadia Bay. Now it's your turn."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_7B.STM 00118.ogg}}
* [context missing] In TownEnd, Nathan: "I told you, I told everybody. I didn't want to hurt you, I didn't. You could have been my best model."{{Headphones|fileVO_E5_9A.STM 00007.ogg}}
** [context missing] Nathan: "Fuck you. You can't stop me."{{Headphones|file# VO_E5_9A.STM 00003.ogg}}

##  Arrangements 
*[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v76D2D05pqj4 Arrangement] of Chloe talking with Max after discovering Rachel's relationship with Frank.
*[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v# yDtXQZBeR2g Arrangement] of Chloe's last wish in the [Alternative Timeline (Life is Strange)](alternative_timeline.md).
*[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v0Q6_o-E-vC8 Arrangement] of unused audio in Episode 3.
*[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBW75OrP5S0 Arrangement] of unused audio from Nathan.

##  Notes 

