#  Young Max and Chloe 

> Last time I saw you and Chloe in your pirate outfits I knew she would never find a better friend.

**[Joyce Price**, Joyce](joyce_price____joyce.md) in "[Episode 3: Chaos Theory, Chaos Theory](episode_3__chaos_theory__chaos_theory.md)"
[File:Chloe_Max_Photo1.jpg](thumb.md)
This article is meant to give a more detailed overview of the things that are known about **Young [Maxine Caulfield](max_caulfield.md)** and **Young [Chloe Price](chloe_price.md)** from [Don't Nod](don_t_nod.md)'s original game, [Life is Strange](_life_is_strange_.md). These facts cover up to the time Max moves to Seattle, shortly after the death of [William Price](chloe_s_father.md).It is unknown in *Life is Strange* if Max moved to Seattle with her parents in 2008 or 2009, but she is said to have moved shortly after William's death. *[Life is Strange: Before the Storm](life_is_strange__before_the_storm.md)* by [Deck Nine Games](deck_nine_games.md) implies that William died on 09/28/2008 (a Sunday), an exact week after Max turns 13, and that Max moves away three days after William's death, during his funeral.

: *For the image gallery, click [Young Max and Chloe/Gallery](here.md).*

##  Summary 
Young Max and Chloe grew up as best friends, living just half a mile away from each other in [Arcadia Bay](arcadia_bay.md), Oregon.Max: "To think I lived just half a mile away..." ([Episode 1: Chrysalis](episode_1.md) - Joyce's room, Chloe's house.) They were not known to be quiet kids when they played together,Joyce: "Good morning, Max. You and Chloe are so much quieter now than when you were kids." ([Episode 4: Dark Room](episode_4.md) - Alternative Timeline.) and [Joyce Price](chloe_s_mother.md) would always bust them for being too loud.Max: "Chloe's mom always busted us for being too loud." (Episode 1 - [Chloe's Room](chloe_s_room.md).) Even though they could be a handful, Max was always the quieter and more passive of the two,Max: "You know me. I like to observe the world more than participate." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.) and comments made by Chloe years later suggest that she thought of Max as a bit of a "wallflower""Not Little Miss Wallflower. I bet you've never even been to a party." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.) . . . "Not Max The Quiet Wallflower!" (Episode 1 - cliff.) and a "chickenshit."Chloe: "Your power is changing everything, Max. Especially you. I can already tell. You're not so chickenshit anymore." ([Episode 3: Chaos Theory](episode_3.md) - Blackwell Swimming Pool.) As cruel as the latter label sounds, even Max is aware that she can be afraid to confront things.Max: "But like the chickenshit I can be, I didn't go over and stand up for her. I was scared. Sometimes I still feel like a little kid." (Episode 1 - ''[Max's Diary](journal.md)''.) Chloe also thought of Max as a "smartass" for her ability to throw back a good retortChloe: "At least you're still a smartass." (Episode 1 - Reunion chat in Chloe's truck after 5 years of being apart.) as well as being a snoop.Chloe: "Did you take a peek?" . . . Max: "Well, yeah. I couldn't help it." . . . Chloe: "Never change. What did you find?" (Even if Max hesitates after Chloe asks if she's peeked, Chloe will say, "I know that look. You peeked.") Even if Max didn't actually peek at the files, she will tell Chloe, "You know I wanted to." (Episode 1 - Cliff scene with Chloe.) Young Max could also be a little self-absorbed or slow to say her thanks to Chloe.Chloe: "'Oh, and thanks, Chloe!' After five years you're still Max Caulfield." (Episode 1 - reunion in Chloe's truck.)

They both dreamed of a [#Memories](life_of_adventure.md) together,Max: "I always wanted my life to be special… an adventure… but not without you." ([Episode 5: Polarized](episode_5.md) - Beach.) and they saw Seattle as a "fabled faraway island of treasure and adventure" that they were always seeking.Max: "When we would play pirates in our rooms and in the woods, it seemed like Seattle was that fabled faraway island of treasure and adventure that we were always seeking. With coffee shops." (Episode 1 - *Journal*.)
Max wanted to explore the world and be a photographer, but she doubted her ability to achieve this dream.Max: "I would love to be a photographer. As if I ever could be..." (Episode 1 - Max's memories, Chloe's swing, backyard.) However, Chloe believed in Max from an early age and told Max that her pictures could be in a museum, believing that they would be someday."What are you talking about? Max, you are a photographer. Your pictures could be in a museum. Someday they will. I believe in you..." (Episode 1 - Max's memories, Chloe's swing, backyard.) Oddly enough, even though some pictures were taken of Max and Chloe together, Max didn't seem to like pictures of herself. Max: *"I hate pictures of myself!"* {{Headphones|file# Cue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_Max_100.ogg}} (Episode 3 - Photo focus echo from the past, Max's dorm room.)Because of this, it seems unlikely that young Max would be the selfie-taking person she becomes years later.

Even from a young age, Chloe supported Max just as much as Max thought Chloe was amazing.Max: "But you're still amazing. You always have been since we were kids." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.) Even as years passed, and they both lived separate lives, both girls hung on to mementos of their childhood friendship.

##  Family Differences 
Max considers her family to be a lot more serious than Chloe's as her family never took any fun, goofy photos together like Chloe's did.Max: "My family never took fun, goofy photos like this..." (Episode 3 - Family portrait, Chloe's house, 2008.) Once, when they were both chastised by Chloe's father for getting out of hand, Chloe took this less seriously than Max, laughing at her father's attempts to give her and Max a "time-out." Max's believes that if she laughed like that at her own [Ryan Caulfield](father.md), he would "banish" her. This seems to suggest that Max's father was perhaps stricter with her.Max: "I remember that day by the lighthouse." . . . Chloe: "My dad was pissed at us. He actually tried to give us a time-out!" . . . Max: "And you laughed at him. My dad would have banished me." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.) Max took an instant picture of Chloe and her father back in 2008, commenting on the love and the close bond it showed between them.Max: "You can see the bond between Chloe and her father... and the love. Now this is a photo." (Episode 3 - Chloe's house, 2008.) Max seemed almost envious of that father-daughter bond in her later years when she came across another photo that Chloe had held onto.Max: "Look at that... Chloe and her dad were so close." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.) 
Regardless of Max's parents being more reserved, they did care for her, such as the time when Max accidentally swallowed the eye of her teddy bear and her parents rushed her to hospital.Max: "Ahoy, Captain. At least I know you've got my back. When I swallowed your eye and my parents rushed me to the ER, I knew we were bonded forever..." (Episode 1 - Max's dorm room.) Max also fondly reflects back on the time she had spent sewing a cushion with her [Vanessa Caulfield](mother.md), although it's not known exactly how old she was when this took place.Max: "So cheesy, but it makes me smile thinking of the day Mom and I sewed that together." (Episode 1 - Max's dorm room.)

##  Activities and Interests 
###  **Shared** 
***Painting, Decorating, and Drawing –** Young Max and Chloe spent all day painting a piece of furniture in the shade of blue that Chloe loved.Max: "Man, I remember this furniture. We spent all day painting it blue. Chloe loved that blue." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.) They also decorated Chloe's flip phone with stickers and scratched both of their names into its cover.Max: "Wow... I remember this old phone! We decorated it together." (Episode 3 - Chloe's bedroom drawer.) Another activity they enjoyed together was drawing cartoons where they invented movie posters starring themselves or drew superhero characters that represented each other (including Chloe's pet cat, [Bongo](bongo.md)),Max: "We had such a blast drawing these together." (Episode 1 - Chloe's bedroom drawer.) and they also worked on creating a large mural of themselves running away on an adventure.Max: "That took Chloe and me the whole day to draw. It's almost invisible now." (Episode 1 - Chloe's backyard.)
***Sleepovers, Movie Nights, and Video Games –** Max used to stay over at [Price Household (2008)](chloe_s_house.md) a lot when they were younger,Max: "It was so nice to crash in Chloe's room for the first time in five years and wake up next to her like our old sleepovers." (Episode 3 - *Journal*.) and they would play video games and watch movies together, sharing cookies and popcorn.Chloe: "It would be sweet to chill out together and watch a movie, like when you'd spend the night at my house..." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.) . . . Max: "Oh yeah, I miss movie nights here—cookies and popcorn..." (Episode 3 - Chloe's house in 2008.) Chloe would often fall asleep on Max whenever they watched movies together.Max: "And you better not fall asleep on me, like you always do when we watch movies." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.) A favorite movie they liked to watch was {{wiki|Blade Runner}}, and Max knew that Chloe wanted to dye her hair like the character "Pris."Chloe: "Uh, I think I'm in, like, a mellow "Blade Runner" mood. I always cry at the end. Plus you know I always wanted to have cool colored bangs like Pris." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.) As for video games, it is known that Max and Chloe enjoyed playing the [Hawt Dawg Man](hawt_dawg_man.md) video game together.Max: "Awww, I haven't seen Hawt Dawg Man in forever... Chloe and I used to totally play the videogame and watch him all the time... When we were innocent..." (Episode 5 - Between realities, Flight to San Francisco.)
****Sharing Toothbrushes:** During their sleepovers, Max hated when Chloe would use her toothbrush, but Chloe never used to care about hers being used by Max.Max: "What's ironic is I always hated it when Chloe used my toothbrush..." . . . "Chloe never used to care when I borrowed her toothbrush." (Episode 3 - Chloe's bathroom.)
*'''Watching Cartoons / Children's TV –''' Chloe used to watch preschool TV programs like {{wiki|Blue's Clues}} and {{wiki|Teletubbies}} when she was younger,Max: "I guess she's not into Blue's Clues or Teletubbies anymore..." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.) and it is likely that Max watched these with her. It is established that they did watch {{wiki|Spongebob}}Max: "It shocks me that the girl I grew up with watching "SpongeBob" ended up in such a scary orbit." ([Episode 2: Out of Time](episode_2.md) - *Journal*.) and Hawt Dawg Man cartoons togetherMax: "Awww, I haven't seen Hawt Dawg Man in forever... Chloe and I used to totally play the videogame and watch him all the time... When we were innocent..."(Epidode 5 - Between realities, Flight to San Francisco.) as well as {{wiki|Power Rangers}}."To me, it seems like yesterday we were little brats here, watching "Power Rangers" and destroying the kitchen." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.)
***Birthday Parties –** Chloe celebrated Max's 10th birthday with her,Max: "Wowser... That was my 10th birthday. I didn't know Chloe kept this stuff..." (Episode 3 - photograph, Chloe's room.) and since it is established that Max has known Chloe from a very early age (see above), it is likely that this is not the first birthday party they have celebrated together. Max attended a birthday party thrown for Chloe that she describes as a "blowout".Max: "Oh right. I went to your birthday blowout." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.) Max was 12 years old at that time,Chloe: "Max, you were 12 years old. That's... sad." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.) meaning that this would have been Chloe's 14th birthday, taking place in March 2008.
* **Playing Pirates:**
** **Dressing up –** Chloe and Max enjoyed playing pirates and even dressed up as pirates.Joyce: "Last time I saw you and Chloe in your pirate outfits I knew she would never find a better friend." (Episode 3) They also enjoyed the town's annual Halloween [media:Note2-diner-halloweenflyer.png](kiddie_costume_parade.md),"Now that brings back memories... Chloe and I loved the parade..." (Episode 2 - Costume Parade Flyer, [Two Whales Diner](two_whales_diner.md).) so it is possible that they may have attended one of these Halloween parades dressed as pirates.Max: "The last time I wore a Halloween costume was with Chloe... I have pictures in one of my old albums..." (Episode 1 - *Journal*.) *(The Halloween Bazaar is also mentioned separately below.)*
** **Ship Couch –** Max and Chloe pretended that the couch in Chloe's living room was a pirate ship.Max: "Damn, it's the couch! We used to pretend it was a pirate ship... Looks like a shipwreck now." (Episode 1 - living room couch, Chloe's house.)
** **Tree Fort –** Chloe [media:Note-lighthouse-map.png](marked_the_location.md) of the tree fort that she had built with Max by drawing a red skull and crossbones on an orientation map found next to the [lighthouse](lighthouse.md) on the cliff that overlooks the [Arcadia Bay](bay.md).Max: "Wowser, Chloe drew that to mark our treefort[sic]... So we'd always be able to find each other in case of emergency... Oh..." (Episode 1 - cliff-side orientation map.) . . . "Can we build another pirate fort and keep the world out?" (Episode 2 - railroad conversation.)
* **Eggs and Bacon –** It is established that both girls enjoyed waking up to a breakfast of eggs and bacon.Joyce: "Remember when you guys would sleep in until I yelled out, 'Wakey wakey, eggs and bakey!'" . . . Max: "Totally. We'd wake up so fast."(Episode 3 - conversation with Joyce, Chloe's house.)
* **Hiding and Plotting –** Young Max and Chloe enjoyed to hide and talk about their future together.Max: "It actually feels like Chloe and I are kids again, we're hiding out|[sic] and plotting our future..." (Episode 2 - [American Rust Junkyard](junkyard.md).) . . . Chloe: "Dude, hide! Like when we were kids!" (Episode 3 - [Blackwell Swimming Pool](blackwell_swimming_pool.md).) They had a "Super Secret Closet Lair" that they would hide in, which was actually Chloe's slatted wooden wardrobe.Max: "Oh, this is a flashback to youth. Our "Super Secret Closet Lair"!" (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.)
* **Playing on the Swing –** There is a swing in Chloe's backyard that William made for the two girls to use.Max: "Oh, I loved this swing. William made it just for me and Chloe." (Episode 1 - Chloe's backyard.) Max and Chloe would take turns using it, and it is known that Chloe was far braver than Max about being pushed higher and higher; Max would jump off before she got too high!Max: "I remember when Chloe and me would take turns in the swing... We would push each other hard so we would fly way up in the air... Chloe always wanted to swing all the way around... I always got scared and would jump off before I flew off..." (Episode 3 - Max's memories, Chloe's swing, backyard.)
* **Playing in Forests –** Max and Chloe enjoyed playing in forests together, especially when pretending to be pirates.Chloe: "But being with you made me feel like when we were little pirates, jumping and running through the forests again." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.) . . . Chloe: "I think about us as little pirates, running and jumping through Arcadia Bay." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.)
* **Playing by the Ocean –** Max and Chloe played by the ocean as kids."It was so surreal looking down at Frank's body next to the ocean where we had played as kids." (Episode 4 - Beach.) The lighthouse is accessed from the [beach](beach.md) via a 15-minute hiking trail through a forest, and it is known that Max and Chloe played in the forest that leads from the beach to the lighthouse.Chloe: "Isn't this awesome sauce? Totally reminds me of when we were kids..." (Episode 1 - Chloe walking through the forest with Max.)
* **Making a Pet Grave –** Max helped Chloe to make a gravestone for Chloe's deceased cat, Bongo, who died in 2008 after being hit by a car.Max: "We made this grave for Chloe's kitty. Poor Bongo. He never saw that car coming..." (Episode 1 - gravestone dated 1999-2008, Chloe's backyard.)
* **Graffiti/Carving –** Either Max or Chloe wrote/carved their names on a tree stump by the lighthouse in 2008. The writing looks more similar to Max's handwriting in the game.Max (looking at the tree stump writing): "Oh my God! I forgot all about this! Too bad I can't rewind that far back..." (Episode 1 - tree stump 'BFF Pirates' graffiti dated 2008, cliff.)
***Halloween Bazaar –** Max and Chloe enjoyed the kiddie costume parade that took place at the town's annual Halloween bazaar. The parade is led by the Arcadia Bay mayor along [Arcadia Bay Ave](main_street.md), and a flyer seen in the [Two Whales Diner](two_whales_diner.md) shows that there may also have been a pumpkin carving contest and local vendors and food trucks at the past bazaars when Chloe and Max were young.Max: "Now that brings back memories... Chloe and I loved the parade..." (Episode 2 - Costume Parade Flyer, [Two Whales Diner](two_whales_diner.md).)
***Recording Heights –** Chloe was always taller than Max when they were growing up together. They made Chloe's dad keep track of their heights.Max: "Chloe was always taller than me. We made her dad keep track of our height." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.) There is a height chart on Chloe's bedroom wall that marks Chloe's height over the years from 13 months up until 2005, but there are no markers with Max's name by the side, which may mean that Chloe's dad could have recorded Max's height on a separate chart elsewhere. Perhaps Max took her results home to record them herself somehow. There are some little marks underneath the recordings for 1996 and a year that looks to be 2000, so perhaps these little marks belonged to Max.

###  Separate 
###  Max # 
* **Racing up and down the lighthouse steps –** Young Max enjoyed racing up and down the steps of Arcadia Bay's lighthouse when it used to be open to the public. It is unknown if she enjoyed this activity with Chloe, but it seems likely.Max: "Too bad it's locked... I remember racing up and down the steps..." (Episode 1 - lighthouse at the cliff.)
* **Making a CD –** When Max was 12 years of age, she made a pirate mix CD for Chloe.Max: "Oh my God, I made that mix for her when we were twelve." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.)Max and Chloe were never the same age at the same time due to their birth dates. However, it is likely that Max meant that she made this CD when she was 12 and Chloe was 13, as Max mentions previously in her journal that her and Chloe last hung out when they were 13. Again, this mutual age is impossible, but we know that Max left Chloe when she was 13 and Chloe was 14.
***Seafood –** Max enjoys seafood, which makes sense as Arcadia Bay had a thriving fishing industry when she was younger. The place she enjoyed eating seafood at was called [Pacific Steve's Famous Crab](pacific_steve_s_famous_crab.md)."No way... I totally remember going there when I was a kid. I loved the {{wiki|hushpuppy|hushpuppies}}. Now the sign is just Arcadia Bay junk..." (Episode 2 - ''Pacific Steve's Famous Crab'' sign discarded in the junkyard.)
***Pancakes –** It is unknown if Chloe enjoyed pancakes as much as Max did, but what is known is that Max could eat lots of pancakes.Max: "I'm dying for some of your famous pancakes." . . . Joyce: "I thought you would have missed those. You ate more than William, and he loved them..." . . . Max: "I remember. We would race each other to grab them from the stack."
***Making an Effort –** It is suggested that Max was the kind of person to make an effort with stationary and letters.Chloe: "And you even wrote on that cool parchment paper. That's so Max." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Beach.)
***Being Tidy –** Max doesn't class herself as a rebel and has an ingrained sense of pride in keeping her bed neat and tidy, which she has picked up from her mother.Max: "I am so not a rebel. I always like my bed to be neat and tidy. Thanks, Mom." (Episode 2 - Max's dorm room.) However, when given her freedom and independence from home, she does display an urge to rebel against this sense of order, although it is unlikely that she could keep this up for long due to it seemingly going against her nature.Max: "This totally reminds me of being a kid in my room. Sorry Mom, I can make my bed whenever I want. Boo yah!" (Episode 2 - Max's dorm room.)
***Peanut Butter Preference –** It is suggested that Max prefers smooth peanut butter and possibly dislikes the crunchy variety altogether.Max: "I'm glad that's creamy, and not crunchy..." (Episode 3 - Chloe's living room.)
* **Journal Entries –** Max kept a journal even in her childhood. She would write entries about which anime character she wanted to be, about her dreams of being a famous photographer, and what she and Chloe would be doing when they are older. Max: "I remember when my journal entries were about which anime character I wanted to be. Or my dreams of being a respected globe-hopping photographer. Or what me and Chloe would be doing when we were finally adults... at least we know how that turned out so far." (Episode 3 - *Journal*.)

###  Chloe # 
* **No Animal Products –** Chloe wouldn't use animal products when it came to makeup.Max: "This is definitely Joyce's make-up. Chloe wouldn't use animal products." (Episode 1 - bathroom makeup.)
* **Manga –** Chloe enjoyed manga. In her later years, while Max was in Seattle, Chloe got her hair cut short and dyed it blue just like the character on the cover of a manga magazine she had back in 2008.Max: "Chloe was so into manga... nice hair!" (Episode 3 - magazine on table, Chloe's house, 2008.)
* **Skateboarding –** Chloe seemed to be very good at skateboarding.Max: "It's cool that in this reality, Chloe really loves skating too." (Episode 3 - Alternative Timeline, magazine.) Even in her later years, while Max was in Seattle, Chloe still liked to skateboard and hung out with a skater posse.Justin: "Rachel Amber and her punk friend used to love skating with us." (Episode 1 - [Blackwell Campus](blackwell_campus.md).)

##  Times of Mischief 
* **Attempted TPing –** One activity of mischief that the two girls got up to was their plan to TP a neighbor's house, but they both chickened out and ran back home, laughing about it."It reminded me of the time we were going to TP one of the neighbor's houses and we even snuck out but got chicken and ran back home, laughing all the way..." (Episode 3 - *Journal*.)
* **Being Messy –** The girls created a mess when drawing, littering a table with drawing supplies."What a mess we made! I remember those cool drawings I did with Chloe... " (Episode 3 - table, Chloe's house, 2008.)
* **Wine Tasting –** Chloe and Max enjoyed [#Memories](secret_wine_tasting.md) sessions at Chloe's house when her parents, William and Joyce, were not around. Unfortunately for them, this secret was discoveredWilliam: "And no Chloe and Max wine-tasting session..." (Episode 3 - 2008 flashback.) after they had accidentally knocked over one of Joyce's wine bottles and stained the carpet (a stain that was still present 5 years later).Max: "Hey, I remember that stain! Chloe and I knocked over Joyce's wine bottle, and we scrubbed forever,|but it never came out. We got so busted!" (Episode 1 - Living room, Chloe's house.)
***Covering Each Other in Flour –** Max and Chloe enjoyed helping out with [#Memories](baking.md) and would mess around by getting pancake flour all over each otherMax: "I just wish I could use my rewind power to go all the way back to the days when we were covered in pancake flour... Life was simple..."(Episode 3 - *Journal*.), including on Chloe's parents!Chloe: "Oh my God, we covered everything in flour, even my parents." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.)
***Climbing Dares –** Max and Chloe would dare each other to climb down from Chloe's bedroom window but they were both too scared to do it.Max: "We used to dare each other to climb down, but never did." (Episode 1 - Chloe's bedroom.)

##  Memories 
In Episode 1, Max thinks back to the following childhood memory when she sits on the old swing that William made for her and Chloe in Chloe's backyard:
:**Max:** "What do you truly want to do when you grow up?"
:**Chloe:** "Max, I'm already grown up. What about you?"
:**Max:** "Travel. That would be awesome. Explore the world. Go far from here..."
:**Chloe:** "Far from me? Thanks a lot, dude."
:**Max:** "Dude, you would totally come with me! I need a bodyguard for our adventures!"
:**Chloe:** "I would be like [Wikipedia:Lara Croft](lara_croft.md), except real. That would be majorly cool."
:**Max:** "Totally! We'd have cars and boats and planes all over for instant escape! And no adults could tell us what to do!"
:**Chloe:** "Count me in. What would you do while I was bodyguarding you?"
:**Max:** "Maybe take pictures of our adventures. I would love to be a photographer. As if I ever could be..."
:**Chloe:** "What are you talking about? Max, you are a photographer. Your pictures could be in a museum. Someday they will. I believe in you..."

Max recalls another memory on the swing in Episode 3:
:**Max:** "I remember when Chloe and me would take turns in the swing... We would push each other hard so we would fly way up in the air... Chloe always wanted to swing all the way around... I always got scared and would jump off before I flew off... And Chloe is still trying to get high..."

In Episode 1, Max thinks back to the following childhood memory when she sits on the old couch in Chloe's house:
:**Chloe:** "Come on, open it chicken!"
:**Max:** "Hold on. And I'm not chicken!"
:**Chloe:** "Prove it! You drink first, Max!"
:**Max:** "No way! It was your idea, Chloe!"
:**Chloe:** "Whateva. Give me that bottle."
:**Max:** "Well?"
:**Chloe:** "Tasty. Very tasty."
:**Max:** "Here, I want a sip!"
:**Chloe:** "Sorry, this is not for kids."
:**Max:** "Don't be greedy! Gimme some!"
:**Chloe:** "Oh shit, the carpet!"
:**Max:** "There's wine all over! What do we do now?"
:**Chloe:** "My parents are coming! Cover it up..."

When Max jumps back in time to 2008 in Episode 3, echoes of a conversation she had with William and Chloe are heard. According to the game files, the dialogue order for the full conversation goes as follows:
: **William:** *"Yes girls, time for a picture!"* {{Headphones|fileCue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_William_010.ogg}}
: **Chloe: ***"Max needs more flour on her face!"* {{Headphones|file# Cue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_Chloe_020.ogg}} 
: **Max (laughing):** ''"I can't even see!"* {{Headphones|fileCue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_Max_030.ogg}}
: **William:** *"You look like a ghost!"* {{Headphones|file# Cue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_William_040.ogg}} 
: **Chloe (laughing):** *"Get a close-up of Max!"* {{Headphones|fileCue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_Chloe_050.ogg}} 
: **Max: ***"Knock it off, Chloe!"* {{Headphones|file# Cue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_Max_060.ogg}} 
: **Chloe:** *"Make me! You look hilarious!"* {{Headphones|fileCue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_Chloe_070.ogg}}
: **William: ***"Come on now, say 'Pancake!'"* {{Headphones|file# Cue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_William_080.ogg}} 
: **Chloe:** *"Cheesecake!"* {{Headphones|fileCue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_Chloe_090.ogg}} 
: **Max:** *"I hate pictures of myself!"* {{Headphones|file# Cue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_Max_100.ogg}}

##  Environmental Details 
* *'Two Whales Diner hasn't changed –''' The Two Whales Diner looked exactly the same when Max last ate there (age 13)Max: "Man, that smell of breakfast and the sound of clanging silverware... makes me feel thirteen again..." (Episode 2 - Two Whales Diner.) as it looks years later.Max: "Talk about going back in time... I haven't seen the diner in five years, but it looks exactly the same." (Episode 2 - *Journal*.)
* **More fishermen –** Arcadia Bay's fishing industry was thriving back when Max and Chloe were kids. Evidence of the fishing community was more apparent.Max: "There are way less fishermen and way more dumped food carts than when we were kids. Chloe and I had the best backdrop to play pirate: old ships and a big ocean." (Episode 2 - Outside the Two Whales Diner.)
* '''Chloe's pirate towel –''' Chloe had a pirate towel that she used when she was younger, and she was still using this same towel five years later when Max returned to Arcadia Bay.Max: "Chloe has had this damn dirty pirate towel since we were kids... Serious flashback." (Episode 3 - bathroom, Chloe's house.)
* '''William's BBQs –''' The small BBQ grill was still present in Chloe's backyard when Max and Chloe were kids, and they enjoyed burgers cooked on it by Chloe's dad.Max: "William used to grill awesome burgers for us. I wonder if he was the last one to use this..." (Episode 1 - BBQ grill, Chloe's backyard.)
* '''Joyce's Magazines –''' Joyce enjoyed mail-order catalogs, and a young Max obviously saw these around Chloe's home whenever she visited.Max: "Joyce always loved her mail-order catalogs of useless crap." (Episode 1 - Joyce's bedroom.)
* **Joyce and Vanessa (Shared Tastes) –** In 2013, it is mentioned that both Max and Chloe's mothers watch true crime shows, so it is possible that they also watched these when Max and Chloe were younger.Joyce: "I watch those awful true crime shows and it makes me ill if I think about Rachel ending up on one." (Episode 3 - Kitchen, Chloe's house.) . . . Max: "I felt like I was on one of those awful true-crime shows my mom binge-watches." (Episode 5 - *Journal*.)
* '''Max's Grandpa –''' Max mentions that her grandfather - either her [Ryan Caulfield](father.md)'s or her [Vanessa Caulfield](mother.md)'s father - has a garage that contains nuts and bolts.Max: "Nuts and bolts... like my grandpa's garage." (Episode 3 - [Samuel Taylor](samuel_taylor.md)'s [Custodial Room](custodial_room.md).)
* '''Chloe's dresser –''' When Max reconnects with Chloe five years after she had left for Seattle, she notices that some of Chloe's bedroom furniture she remembered from when they were kids is still present in the room. One such piece of furniture is the dresser that Chloe's dad had built for her.Max: "Chloe's dad built this dresser." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.)

##  Unused Material 
Some unused audio that refers to a younger Max and Chloe is present in earlier game files. It was either used in earlier editions of the game and since been removed, or it has always remained unused.
* **Backyard Mischief –** Joyce would yell at Max and Chloe from a living room window when they were playing in the backyard, possibly when they were up to mischief or doing something dangerous, or perhaps to call them in to eat food.Max: "How many times did Joyce yell at us from this window?" (Episode 1 - living room window, Chloe's house.)
* **Chloe Wanting a Dog –** Chloe had wanted a dog, and her mother had always wanted her to get a dog too.Joyce: "Oh, that's so cute. Chloe wanted a dog, too." (Episode 5 - Joyce to Frank - Pompidou Alive)/ "Oh, I'm so sorry... I always wanted Chloe to get a dog."(Episode 5 - Joyce to Frank - Pompidou Dead). *Note: Although originally intended, Pompidou does not die in the final version of the game. He is only injured if Max chooses to throw the bone into the road.* It even seems that Chloe would have made a good dog owner, from a comment intended to be spoken by [Frank Bowers](frank_bowers.md) five years later when Chloe is 19: ''"She'd be good with dogs. I know these things."'' It is unknown whether Chloe had wanted a dog after her cat, Bongo, had died or whether she had wanted a dog instead of or as well as having a cat.

##  [Life is Strange: Before the Storm](before_the_storm.md) 
###  Bonus Episode - "[Farewell](farewell.md)" 
In the bonus episode by [Deck Nine Games](deck_nine_games.md), we learn more about Young Max and Chloe's personalities, education, and childhood interests. 

###  Max # 
When it comes to helping Chloe throw away old items, Max's sensibility and detachment suggests she has less of an emotional response to things than Chloe, but this is not entirely the case as she is very reflective and sad to be leaving Chloe behind in [Arcadia Bay](arcadia_bay.md). She even worries she won't be okay without Chloe.In her diary from the first game, Max describes Arcadia bay as "a town I was excited about leaving."

Max is prone to second-guess and worry about the consequences of things before she can loosen up and enjoy herself (such as asking Chloe what her mom would think about Chloe's mischief) and has a reserved personality and quiet-spoken nature. See the [#Family_Differences](family_differences.md) section above, as the differences between their parents may have an influence on each girl.
She can also tell Chloe that she worries she's not going to be okay without her, regarding her move to Seattle.

Max is drawn to the retro aesthetic. She especially loves the {{wiki|Instant_camera#Polaroid_cameras|Polaroid camera}} that belongs to Chloe's father, because she thinks they make every photo look a little nostalgic. Chloe tells Max that [William Price](her_dad.md) is tired of watching Max drool all over herself every time he uses it. ("His words.") Max also admires the vintage cooler in Chloe's attic, saying that she never realized how much she liked vintage things until she saw it. She thinks that recording messages on audio cassette tapes was so much fun in 3rd grade (ages 8/9).

Some further facts we learn about Max are as follows:
* At age 13, she is still terrified of Chloe's attic as she is afraid of the mice and spiders that could be up there.
* Chloe's mom bought her a toothbrush, because she spent the night at Chloe's so often.
* She doesn't get the idea of makeup other than using it for acting or Halloween costumes.
* She gets squeamish at the sight of fake blood which may suggest she gets squeamish when she sees the real thing.

###  Chloe # 
Chloe is extremely sentimental and reluctant to throw things away. When Max gives logical reasons for getting rid of old things from Chloe's room, Chloe will attach a fond memory to justify keeping them, even if they are from phases she has grown out of or have missing pieces. Most of the items she refuses to throw away remind her of the times she used them with Max. The fact that she hangs onto memories may be one reason why Max thinks Chloe has a "killer memory."
Chloe still keeps her old school supplies and her textbooks for Science, Chemistry, English, and Math, which Max thinks she is "such a nerd" for doing but thinks that Chloe must get her sentimentality from her parents, who still haven't parted with Chloe's crib.
Another example of Chloe's sentimentality is when she used to own a goldfish called Calico Jack.John Rackham, an English pirate captain in the early 18th century, went by the name Calico Jack. She refused to get another goldfish after having to flush him, so the fish tank has been stored in the attic ever since. This suggests that Chloe is reluctant to replace the things she has lost. Max knows she took [Bongo](bongo.md)'s death hard.

Chloe also has a sensitive and self-conscious side. This is evident when she throws away her favorite hoodie due to a fear of judgement from the students at her new school, [Blackwell Academy](blackwell_academy.md). The well-worn burgundy colored hoodie with a Griffin design on the front has accumulated many holes over the years she has worn it, and Max notes that these holes never stopped Chloe from wearing it before, but Chloe doesn't seem to be bonding well with her new peers, describing them as "fake people" and Max as "real."

With regards to her friendship with Max, Chloe is loyal and protective. When Max slipped and accidentally broke one of the stair posts in Chloe's house a few years prior to 2008, Chloe took the blame for her and never changed her story even when she got grounded. Max truly appreciates what Chloe did for her back then. She is reluctant to tell Max about her issues with the students at her new school and only discloses her issues when Max presses the subject. This suggests that Chloe may be prone to bottling up her feelings or is perhaps reluctant to burden her best friend.

Chloe is mischievous and likes to bend rules. An example of this is when [Joyce Price](her_mom.md) had told her to get rid of old and unwanted items from her room, so she turned this into a game where she blew a couple of dolls up. When Max questions this, she tells Max that her mom never specified *how* she should dispose of her things. 
She also drew sharpie boobs on the boy band trading cards they collected together, and Max was so mad at her for doing this.

Chloe is creative and has a great imagination, as seen by the drawings of cool inventions that she placed inside a [Time Capsule](time_capsule.md), and Max thinks that Chloe has always been good at making up cool things to do. She loved Scratch Art when she was younger - at least around the time she had placed a Scratch Art pad in the time capsule. This is a drawing technique where a dark layer is scratched away - usually by a wooden stylus - to reveal a different color or multiple colors underneath. She also made Christmas decorations when she was 5 years old which embarrass her, but Max thinks they are cute.

Max describes Chloe as a nature nerd when she discovers that Chloe's parents have secretly bought plane tickets to take Chloe to see the {{wiki|Grand Canyon}} in Arizona. This suggests she enjoys nature. However, when it comes to animals, Max comments that Chloe always preferred imaginary animals to real ones.Max: "Chloe's always prefered imaginary animals to real ones. Besides Bongo, of course." ([Farewell](farewell.md) - Chloe's bedroom, Chloe's house.)

There appears to be an oceanic theme with Chloe's plush toys. At age 14, she still owns a plush toy called [Mr. Sharkie](mr__sharkie.md), which she describes as her beloved childhood friend and is unwilling to part with it. She also has a plush toy called [Billy The Squid](billy_the_squid.md), which she forgot about due to placing him inside a time capsule that she buried in her back yard with Max back in 2003. The oceanic theme could be linked to her interest in pirates. Even at age 14, she never really grew out of wanting to be a pirate.

In terms of reading interests, Chloe owns the {{wiki|Complete_Works_of_Shakespeare|Complete Works of William Shakespeare}}, so she seems to have an interest in classic plays. She is also a {{wiki|Manga}} nerd. Max comments that this might be the one thing where Chloe out-nerds her.

Even though Chloe has a geeky side, and even though she owns a games console which both girls play on, she has been reluctant to try an {{wiki|Massively_multiplayer_online_game|MMO game}}. Max wonders if her move to [Seattle](seattle.md) would finally convince Chloe to try one.

###  Mutual Influence # 
There are a couple of things that suggest Max and Chloe easily distract each other, such as the time when [Ms. Shelley](ms__shelley.md), their {{wiki|Social Studies}} teacher, praises Chloe on her work but urges her to pay attention in class instead of drawing pictures with "Maxine." (It appears they were working on their treasure map in this class.) Another example is the {{wiki|Choose Your Own Adventure}} book they created called [Media:Note_AdventureBookCover.png](_max_and_chloe_s_sewer_adventure__.md) Although their efforts on this were praised by [Mrs. Anders](mrs__anders.md), she urged them to please do the book report they were assigned next time. This suggests they enjoyed being creative together and doing what they wanted to do rather than sticking to tasks they were assigned.

###  Education 
They both attended [Arcadia Bay Junior High](arcadia_bay_junior_high.md), and the first class they had together was United States Social Studies. 
Even though Max didn't get grades as good as Chloe in 8th grade (ages 13/14), she did better than Chloe at PE. In 8th grade, Chloe studied: Earth Science, English, World History, Pre-Algebra, Spanish 1, Phys Ed.

Chloe was accepted for admission at Blackwell Academy in September 2008. She was one of approximately 100 students who were selected out of 1200 applicants. She was selected due to excelling in all criteria for admission. However, not long after she started at Blackwell Academy, the principal has called for a meeting with her parents in an effort to try and assist Chloe in improving her behavior. Chloe was not getting on well with a girl called [Marisa Rogers](marisa_rogers.md).

###  Activities and Interests 
***Board Games –** Max and Chloe enjoyed playing board games together, but at ages 13 and 14, they no longer played a game called "Oopsies!" which they used to play a lot and is in a scruffy condition by this time.Max: "We used to play Oopsies! a lot, but it's pretty beaten up at this point." (Farewell bonus episode - Chloe's room.) Chloe apparently beats Max every time they play it, but Max calls this "BS" and states she wiped the floor with Chloe the last time they played, so it's unclear if Chloe exaggerates her victories.Chloe: "Just cause I beat your ass every time we play doesn't make it trash." . . . Max: "You beat me?" (Farewell bonus episode - Chloe's room.)
***Painting, Decorating, and Drawing –** Max and Chloe drew themselves in a comic strip as Super Max and Dr. Chloenstein and called one of their strips *The Adventurous Adventures of Super Max and Dr. Chloenstein.*These characters seem to be the same ones that can be seen on the "Power Girls" poster they drew together (as seen in the original game). It is unknown if this different naming in the Farewell bonus episode by Deck Nine Games is an inconsistency or whether "Power Girls" is now to be seen as an all-encompassing name for the duo. They also liked to decorate things together with excessive use of stickers, such as the tall blue dresser in the attic.It is also seen in the original game that they placed stickers all over a flip phone when they were younger.
***Watching Films –** They both liked watching {{wiki|The Land Before Time}}.
***Concerts –** They went to their first unsupervised concert together on Saturday July 7th, 2007. It was to see "Mimi and the Screamers" at [Culm Nation Park Pavillion](culm_nation_park_pavillion.md) in Arcadia Bay, Oregon, and they were on the lower level. Tickets cost $30.00 each. Max would have been 11 years old at the time. Chloe would have recently turned 13.
***Halloween Costumes –** There are photos of them dressed up for Halloween in 2001 and 2002. In 2001, they appear to be dressed as a cream-filled chocolate chip cookie where the cream effect is created once they stand together. In 2001, they went as characters from *{{wiki|The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe}}*. Max was the lion, Chloe was the Witch, and William was the wardrobe. These costumes may have been for the "kiddie costume parade" held at the Halloween Bazaar (as advertized on a flyer inside the [Two Whales Diner](two_whales_diner.md) in the original game).
***Challenges –** They bought a jawbreaker as a gag to take it in turns to lick it to nonexistence over time. Chloe describes it as the "never-ending candy." Max sees it as a serious biohazard as this is yet another thing that Chloe has held on to. She's even kept it, unwrapped, on top of some clothes in a drawer!
***Playing Pirates –** Their much-loved pirate phaseWe see nostalgia for this period in their life in both the original game and Before the Storm. was in full swing when Max was 7 years old and Chloe was 9.There are [Canon_Inconsistencies#Incorrect_Ages](discrepancies.md) in Farewell with the ages they state they were on the date written on the audio cassette tape that Chloe finds in her room. Some of the things they did during this phase are as follows:
** They kept all of their old pirate drawings inside a big sketchbook.
** They called their pirate ship "The bane of Arcadia."
** Chloe's former cat, Bongo, was given a pirate name of "Pogo."
** Their enemy was called "evil commander Shelley, enemy to all pirates," who threatened to take their treasure map from them if it was seen. Shelley is actually Ms. Shelley, their Social Studies teacher from 2003.
** They invented new names for locations around [Price Household (2008)](chloe_s_house.md), such as "Secret Lair" (Chloe's bedroom), "Scary Cave" (Chloe's attic), Treasure island, and Price Castle.
** Their pirate ship was the swing set outside, but during bad weather, they used the couch in the living room as their "rainy day pirate ship."
** They gave each other Pirate names: "Captain Bluebeard" and "Long Max Silver." (They stuck blue painter's tape to Chloe's face to make a blue beard.)
** They buried treasure (a time capsule) in Chloe's back yard, then drew a map and created an amulet to find it.
** Unknown to them, Chloe's dad invented the name "Bloody Bill" for himself and recorded a secret tape for them to eventually find in their time capsule.

###  Old Hobbies 
###  Chloe # 
***Magic -** Chloe went through a magic phase and still owns her box of magic tricks ("Miss Madalyn's Managerie of Magic"Chloe's box of magic tricks may be named after [https://www.linkedin.com/in/madeleinetate Madeleine Tate] who was the Associate Producer for [Life is Strange: Before the Storm](life_is_strange__before_the_storm.md) at [Deck Nine Games](deck_nine_games.md).) which she had to save weeks of allowance money to buy. This is actually her entire magic collection.Chloe: "Are you insane? That's my entire magic collection. Do you know how many weeks of allowance this cost?"(Farewell bonus episode - Chloe's room.) Chloe did think magic was lame but changed her mind when she found out how much children's birthday parties pay. However, she hasn't used this box of tricks since her fifth grade talent show (age 10/11) where Max, who was her assistant, turned out to be squeamish at the sight of fake blood. The fact that Max thinks she was lucky to survive Chloe's magic phase with all her fingers intact suggests that Chloe was perhaps a little daring with her tricks.

### Photos

Chloe_Max_Photo1.jpg|Young Chloe and Max dressed as pirates. 
Chloe_Photo5.png|Young Chloe on a swing.
Chloe_Photo1.jpg|Young Chloe running across a parking lot.
Chloe_Photo6.jpg|Young Chloe skateboarding on [Blackwell Academy](blackwell_academy.md)'s [Blackwell Parking Lot](parking_lot.md).
Chloe_and_William_Photo2.png|Young Chloe with her father, [William Price](william_price.md), and pet cat, [Bongo](bongo.md).
Chloe_William_Photo.png|Young Chloe with her father, William.
Max and Chloe - Young - Photo.jpg|Young Chloe and Max in 2008.
Newmemory.jpg|Max changing the 2008 timeline, taking a photo of Young Chloe with her father, William.
Youngchloe-alt.jpg|Young Chloe outdoors.
Note3-chloeroom-max10pic.png|Young Chloe and Max on Max's 10th birthday.

###  Mementos 

Note-chloesroom-drawingone.png|A drawing that Young Chloe and Max did together.
Note-chloesroom-drawingtwo.png|Another drawing that Young Chloe and Max did together.
Note3-chloeroom-bluephone.png|A phone that Young Chloe and Max decorated together.
Note3-past-lighthousedrawing.png|Young Chloe's sketch of a day trip, which Max's comments seem to suggest she had been present at.
Note4-altgarage-piratepower.png|A mix CD Young Max had made for Chloe.

##  Notes 

 (Episode 3 - Photo focus echo from the past, Max's dorm room.)Because of this, it seems unlikely that young Max would be the selfie-taking person she becomes years later.

Even from a young age, Chloe supported Max just as much as Max thought Chloe was amazing.Max: "But you're still amazing. You always have been since we were kids." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.) Even as years passed, and they both lived separate lives, both girls hung on to mementos of their childhood friendship.

##  Family Differences 
Max considers her family to be a lot more serious than Chloe's as her family never took any fun, goofy photos together like Chloe's did.Max: "My family never took fun, goofy photos like this..." (Episode 3 - Family portrait, Chloe's house, 2008.) Once, when they were both chastised by Chloe's father for getting out of hand, Chloe took this less seriously than Max, laughing at her father's attempts to give her and Max a "time-out." Max's believes that if she laughed like that at her own [Ryan Caulfield](father.md), he would "banish" her. This seems to suggest that Max's father was perhaps stricter with her.Max: "I remember that day by the lighthouse." . . . Chloe: "My dad was pissed at us. He actually tried to give us a time-out!" . . . Max: "And you laughed at him. My dad would have banished me." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.) Max took an instant picture of Chloe and her father back in 2008, commenting on the love and the close bond it showed between them.Max: "You can see the bond between Chloe and her father... and the love. Now this is a photo." (Episode 3 - Chloe's house, 2008.) Max seemed almost envious of that father-daughter bond in her later years when she came across another photo that Chloe had held onto.Max: "Look at that... Chloe and her dad were so close." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.) 
Regardless of Max's parents being more reserved, they did care for her, such as the time when Max accidentally swallowed the eye of her teddy bear and her parents rushed her to hospital.Max: "Ahoy, Captain. At least I know you've got my back. When I swallowed your eye and my parents rushed me to the ER, I knew we were bonded forever..." (Episode 1 - Max's dorm room.) Max also fondly reflects back on the time she had spent sewing a cushion with her [Vanessa Caulfield](mother.md), although it's not known exactly how old she was when this took place.Max: "So cheesy, but it makes me smile thinking of the day Mom and I sewed that together." (Episode 1 - Max's dorm room.)

##  Activities and Interests 
###  **Shared** 
***Painting, Decorating, and Drawing –** Young Max and Chloe spent all day painting a piece of furniture in the shade of blue that Chloe loved.Max: "Man, I remember this furniture. We spent all day painting it blue. Chloe loved that blue." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.) They also decorated Chloe's flip phone with stickers and scratched both of their names into its cover.Max: "Wow... I remember this old phone! We decorated it together." (Episode 3 - Chloe's bedroom drawer.) Another activity they enjoyed together was drawing cartoons where they invented movie posters starring themselves or drew superhero characters that represented each other (including Chloe's pet cat, [Bongo](bongo.md)),Max: "We had such a blast drawing these together." (Episode 1 - Chloe's bedroom drawer.) and they also worked on creating a large mural of themselves running away on an adventure.Max: "That took Chloe and me the whole day to draw. It's almost invisible now." (Episode 1 - Chloe's backyard.)
***Sleepovers, Movie Nights, and Video Games –** Max used to stay over at [Price Household (2008)](chloe_s_house.md) a lot when they were younger,Max: "It was so nice to crash in Chloe's room for the first time in five years and wake up next to her like our old sleepovers." (Episode 3 - *Journal*.) and they would play video games and watch movies together, sharing cookies and popcorn.Chloe: "It would be sweet to chill out together and watch a movie, like when you'd spend the night at my house..." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.) . . . Max: "Oh yeah, I miss movie nights here—cookies and popcorn..." (Episode 3 - Chloe's house in 2008.) Chloe would often fall asleep on Max whenever they watched movies together.Max: "And you better not fall asleep on me, like you always do when we watch movies." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.) A favorite movie they liked to watch was {{wiki|Blade Runner}}, and Max knew that Chloe wanted to dye her hair like the character "Pris."Chloe: "Uh, I think I'm in, like, a mellow "Blade Runner" mood. I always cry at the end. Plus you know I always wanted to have cool colored bangs like Pris." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.) As for video games, it is known that Max and Chloe enjoyed playing the [Hawt Dawg Man](hawt_dawg_man.md) video game together.Max: "Awww, I haven't seen Hawt Dawg Man in forever... Chloe and I used to totally play the videogame and watch him all the time... When we were innocent..." (Episode 5 - Between realities, Flight to San Francisco.)
****Sharing Toothbrushes:** During their sleepovers, Max hated when Chloe would use her toothbrush, but Chloe never used to care about hers being used by Max.Max: "What's ironic is I always hated it when Chloe used my toothbrush..." . . . "Chloe never used to care when I borrowed her toothbrush." (Episode 3 - Chloe's bathroom.)
*'''Watching Cartoons / Children's TV –''' Chloe used to watch preschool TV programs like {{wiki|Blue's Clues}} and {{wiki|Teletubbies}} when she was younger,Max: "I guess she's not into Blue's Clues or Teletubbies anymore..." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.) and it is likely that Max watched these with her. It is established that they did watch {{wiki|Spongebob}}Max: "It shocks me that the girl I grew up with watching "SpongeBob" ended up in such a scary orbit." ([Episode 2: Out of Time](episode_2.md) - *Journal*.) and Hawt Dawg Man cartoons togetherMax: "Awww, I haven't seen Hawt Dawg Man in forever... Chloe and I used to totally play the videogame and watch him all the time... When we were innocent..."(Epidode 5 - Between realities, Flight to San Francisco.) as well as {{wiki|Power Rangers}}."To me, it seems like yesterday we were little brats here, watching "Power Rangers" and destroying the kitchen." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.)
***Birthday Parties –** Chloe celebrated Max's 10th birthday with her,Max: "Wowser... That was my 10th birthday. I didn't know Chloe kept this stuff..." (Episode 3 - photograph, Chloe's room.) and since it is established that Max has known Chloe from a very early age (see above), it is likely that this is not the first birthday party they have celebrated together. Max attended a birthday party thrown for Chloe that she describes as a "blowout".Max: "Oh right. I went to your birthday blowout." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.) Max was 12 years old at that time,Chloe: "Max, you were 12 years old. That's... sad." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.) meaning that this would have been Chloe's 14th birthday, taking place in March 2008.
* **Playing Pirates:**
** **Dressing up –** Chloe and Max enjoyed playing pirates and even dressed up as pirates.Joyce: "Last time I saw you and Chloe in your pirate outfits I knew she would never find a better friend." (Episode 3) They also enjoyed the town's annual Halloween [media:Note2-diner-halloweenflyer.png](kiddie_costume_parade.md),"Now that brings back memories... Chloe and I loved the parade..." (Episode 2 - Costume Parade Flyer, [Two Whales Diner](two_whales_diner.md).) so it is possible that they may have attended one of these Halloween parades dressed as pirates.Max: "The last time I wore a Halloween costume was with Chloe... I have pictures in one of my old albums..." (Episode 1 - *Journal*.) *(The Halloween Bazaar is also mentioned separately below.)*
** **Ship Couch –** Max and Chloe pretended that the couch in Chloe's living room was a pirate ship.Max: "Damn, it's the couch! We used to pretend it was a pirate ship... Looks like a shipwreck now." (Episode 1 - living room couch, Chloe's house.)
** **Tree Fort –** Chloe [media:Note-lighthouse-map.png](marked_the_location.md) of the tree fort that she had built with Max by drawing a red skull and crossbones on an orientation map found next to the [lighthouse](lighthouse.md) on the cliff that overlooks the [Arcadia Bay](bay.md).Max: "Wowser, Chloe drew that to mark our treefort[sic]... So we'd always be able to find each other in case of emergency... Oh..." (Episode 1 - cliff-side orientation map.) . . . "Can we build another pirate fort and keep the world out?" (Episode 2 - railroad conversation.)
* **Eggs and Bacon –** It is established that both girls enjoyed waking up to a breakfast of eggs and bacon.Joyce: "Remember when you guys would sleep in until I yelled out, 'Wakey wakey, eggs and bakey!'" . . . Max: "Totally. We'd wake up so fast."(Episode 3 - conversation with Joyce, Chloe's house.)
* **Hiding and Plotting –** Young Max and Chloe enjoyed to hide and talk about their future together.Max: "It actually feels like Chloe and I are kids again, we're hiding out|[sic] and plotting our future..." (Episode 2 - [American Rust Junkyard](junkyard.md).) . . . Chloe: "Dude, hide! Like when we were kids!" (Episode 3 - [Blackwell Swimming Pool](blackwell_swimming_pool.md).) They had a "Super Secret Closet Lair" that they would hide in, which was actually Chloe's slatted wooden wardrobe.Max: "Oh, this is a flashback to youth. Our "Super Secret Closet Lair"!" (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.)
* **Playing on the Swing –** There is a swing in Chloe's backyard that William made for the two girls to use.Max: "Oh, I loved this swing. William made it just for me and Chloe." (Episode 1 - Chloe's backyard.) Max and Chloe would take turns using it, and it is known that Chloe was far braver than Max about being pushed higher and higher; Max would jump off before she got too high!Max: "I remember when Chloe and me would take turns in the swing... We would push each other hard so we would fly way up in the air... Chloe always wanted to swing all the way around... I always got scared and would jump off before I flew off..." (Episode 3 - Max's memories, Chloe's swing, backyard.)
* **Playing in Forests –** Max and Chloe enjoyed playing in forests together, especially when pretending to be pirates.Chloe: "But being with you made me feel like when we were little pirates, jumping and running through the forests again." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.) . . . Chloe: "I think about us as little pirates, running and jumping through Arcadia Bay." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.)
* **Playing by the Ocean –** Max and Chloe played by the ocean as kids."It was so surreal looking down at Frank's body next to the ocean where we had played as kids." (Episode 4 - Beach.) The lighthouse is accessed from the [beach](beach.md) via a 15-minute hiking trail through a forest, and it is known that Max and Chloe played in the forest that leads from the beach to the lighthouse.Chloe: "Isn't this awesome sauce? Totally reminds me of when we were kids..." (Episode 1 - Chloe walking through the forest with Max.)
* **Making a Pet Grave –** Max helped Chloe to make a gravestone for Chloe's deceased cat, Bongo, who died in 2008 after being hit by a car.Max: "We made this grave for Chloe's kitty. Poor Bongo. He never saw that car coming..." (Episode 1 - gravestone dated 1999-2008, Chloe's backyard.)
* **Graffiti/Carving –** Either Max or Chloe wrote/carved their names on a tree stump by the lighthouse in 2008. The writing looks more similar to Max's handwriting in the game.Max (looking at the tree stump writing): "Oh my God! I forgot all about this! Too bad I can't rewind that far back..." (Episode 1 - tree stump 'BFF Pirates' graffiti dated 2008, cliff.)
***Halloween Bazaar –** Max and Chloe enjoyed the kiddie costume parade that took place at the town's annual Halloween bazaar. The parade is led by the Arcadia Bay mayor along [Arcadia Bay Ave](main_street.md), and a flyer seen in the [Two Whales Diner](two_whales_diner.md) shows that there may also have been a pumpkin carving contest and local vendors and food trucks at the past bazaars when Chloe and Max were young.Max: "Now that brings back memories... Chloe and I loved the parade..." (Episode 2 - Costume Parade Flyer, [Two Whales Diner](two_whales_diner.md).)
***Recording Heights –** Chloe was always taller than Max when they were growing up together. They made Chloe's dad keep track of their heights.Max: "Chloe was always taller than me. We made her dad keep track of our height." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.) There is a height chart on Chloe's bedroom wall that marks Chloe's height over the years from 13 months up until 2005, but there are no markers with Max's name by the side, which may mean that Chloe's dad could have recorded Max's height on a separate chart elsewhere. Perhaps Max took her results home to record them herself somehow. There are some little marks underneath the recordings for 1996 and a year that looks to be 2000, so perhaps these little marks belonged to Max.

###  Separate 
###  Max # 
* **Racing up and down the lighthouse steps –** Young Max enjoyed racing up and down the steps of Arcadia Bay's lighthouse when it used to be open to the public. It is unknown if she enjoyed this activity with Chloe, but it seems likely.Max: "Too bad it's locked... I remember racing up and down the steps..." (Episode 1 - lighthouse at the cliff.)
* **Making a CD –** When Max was 12 years of age, she made a pirate mix CD for Chloe.Max: "Oh my God, I made that mix for her when we were twelve." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.)Max and Chloe were never the same age at the same time due to their birth dates. However, it is likely that Max meant that she made this CD when she was 12 and Chloe was 13, as Max mentions previously in her journal that her and Chloe last hung out when they were 13. Again, this mutual age is impossible, but we know that Max left Chloe when she was 13 and Chloe was 14.
***Seafood –** Max enjoys seafood, which makes sense as Arcadia Bay had a thriving fishing industry when she was younger. The place she enjoyed eating seafood at was called [Pacific Steve's Famous Crab](pacific_steve_s_famous_crab.md)."No way... I totally remember going there when I was a kid. I loved the {{wiki|hushpuppy|hushpuppies}}. Now the sign is just Arcadia Bay junk..." (Episode 2 - ''Pacific Steve's Famous Crab'' sign discarded in the junkyard.)
***Pancakes –** It is unknown if Chloe enjoyed pancakes as much as Max did, but what is known is that Max could eat lots of pancakes.Max: "I'm dying for some of your famous pancakes." . . . Joyce: "I thought you would have missed those. You ate more than William, and he loved them..." . . . Max: "I remember. We would race each other to grab them from the stack."
***Making an Effort –** It is suggested that Max was the kind of person to make an effort with stationary and letters.Chloe: "And you even wrote on that cool parchment paper. That's so Max." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Beach.)
***Being Tidy –** Max doesn't class herself as a rebel and has an ingrained sense of pride in keeping her bed neat and tidy, which she has picked up from her mother.Max: "I am so not a rebel. I always like my bed to be neat and tidy. Thanks, Mom." (Episode 2 - Max's dorm room.) However, when given her freedom and independence from home, she does display an urge to rebel against this sense of order, although it is unlikely that she could keep this up for long due to it seemingly going against her nature.Max: "This totally reminds me of being a kid in my room. Sorry Mom, I can make my bed whenever I want. Boo yah!" (Episode 2 - Max's dorm room.)
***Peanut Butter Preference –** It is suggested that Max prefers smooth peanut butter and possibly dislikes the crunchy variety altogether.Max: "I'm glad that's creamy, and not crunchy..." (Episode 3 - Chloe's living room.)
* **Journal Entries –** Max kept a journal even in her childhood. She would write entries about which anime character she wanted to be, about her dreams of being a famous photographer, and what she and Chloe would be doing when they are older. Max: "I remember when my journal entries were about which anime character I wanted to be. Or my dreams of being a respected globe-hopping photographer. Or what me and Chloe would be doing when we were finally adults... at least we know how that turned out so far." (Episode 3 - *Journal*.)

###  Chloe # 
* **No Animal Products –** Chloe wouldn't use animal products when it came to makeup.Max: "This is definitely Joyce's make-up. Chloe wouldn't use animal products." (Episode 1 - bathroom makeup.)
* **Manga –** Chloe enjoyed manga. In her later years, while Max was in Seattle, Chloe got her hair cut short and dyed it blue just like the character on the cover of a manga magazine she had back in 2008.Max: "Chloe was so into manga... nice hair!" (Episode 3 - magazine on table, Chloe's house, 2008.)
* **Skateboarding –** Chloe seemed to be very good at skateboarding.Max: "It's cool that in this reality, Chloe really loves skating too." (Episode 3 - Alternative Timeline, magazine.) Even in her later years, while Max was in Seattle, Chloe still liked to skateboard and hung out with a skater posse.Justin: "Rachel Amber and her punk friend used to love skating with us." (Episode 1 - [Blackwell Campus](blackwell_campus.md).)

##  Times of Mischief 
* **Attempted TPing –** One activity of mischief that the two girls got up to was their plan to TP a neighbor's house, but they both chickened out and ran back home, laughing about it."It reminded me of the time we were going to TP one of the neighbor's houses and we even snuck out but got chicken and ran back home, laughing all the way..." (Episode 3 - *Journal*.)
* **Being Messy –** The girls created a mess when drawing, littering a table with drawing supplies."What a mess we made! I remember those cool drawings I did with Chloe... " (Episode 3 - table, Chloe's house, 2008.)
* **Wine Tasting –** Chloe and Max enjoyed [#Memories](secret_wine_tasting.md) sessions at Chloe's house when her parents, William and Joyce, were not around. Unfortunately for them, this secret was discoveredWilliam: "And no Chloe and Max wine-tasting session..." (Episode 3 - 2008 flashback.) after they had accidentally knocked over one of Joyce's wine bottles and stained the carpet (a stain that was still present 5 years later).Max: "Hey, I remember that stain! Chloe and I knocked over Joyce's wine bottle, and we scrubbed forever,|but it never came out. We got so busted!" (Episode 1 - Living room, Chloe's house.)
***Covering Each Other in Flour –** Max and Chloe enjoyed helping out with [#Memories](baking.md) and would mess around by getting pancake flour all over each otherMax: "I just wish I could use my rewind power to go all the way back to the days when we were covered in pancake flour... Life was simple..."(Episode 3 - *Journal*.), including on Chloe's parents!Chloe: "Oh my God, we covered everything in flour, even my parents." (Episode 4 - Alternative Timeline, Chloe's garage bedroom.)
***Climbing Dares –** Max and Chloe would dare each other to climb down from Chloe's bedroom window but they were both too scared to do it.Max: "We used to dare each other to climb down, but never did." (Episode 1 - Chloe's bedroom.)

##  Memories 
In Episode 1, Max thinks back to the following childhood memory when she sits on the old swing that William made for her and Chloe in Chloe's backyard:
:**Max:** "What do you truly want to do when you grow up?"
:**Chloe:** "Max, I'm already grown up. What about you?"
:**Max:** "Travel. That would be awesome. Explore the world. Go far from here..."
:**Chloe:** "Far from me? Thanks a lot, dude."
:**Max:** "Dude, you would totally come with me! I need a bodyguard for our adventures!"
:**Chloe:** "I would be like [Wikipedia:Lara Croft](lara_croft.md), except real. That would be majorly cool."
:**Max:** "Totally! We'd have cars and boats and planes all over for instant escape! And no adults could tell us what to do!"
:**Chloe:** "Count me in. What would you do while I was bodyguarding you?"
:**Max:** "Maybe take pictures of our adventures. I would love to be a photographer. As if I ever could be..."
:**Chloe:** "What are you talking about? Max, you are a photographer. Your pictures could be in a museum. Someday they will. I believe in you..."

Max recalls another memory on the swing in Episode 3:
:**Max:** "I remember when Chloe and me would take turns in the swing... We would push each other hard so we would fly way up in the air... Chloe always wanted to swing all the way around... I always got scared and would jump off before I flew off... And Chloe is still trying to get high..."

In Episode 1, Max thinks back to the following childhood memory when she sits on the old couch in Chloe's house:
:**Chloe:** "Come on, open it chicken!"
:**Max:** "Hold on. And I'm not chicken!"
:**Chloe:** "Prove it! You drink first, Max!"
:**Max:** "No way! It was your idea, Chloe!"
:**Chloe:** "Whateva. Give me that bottle."
:**Max:** "Well?"
:**Chloe:** "Tasty. Very tasty."
:**Max:** "Here, I want a sip!"
:**Chloe:** "Sorry, this is not for kids."
:**Max:** "Don't be greedy! Gimme some!"
:**Chloe:** "Oh shit, the carpet!"
:**Max:** "There's wine all over! What do we do now?"
:**Chloe:** "My parents are coming! Cover it up..."

When Max jumps back in time to 2008 in Episode 3, echoes of a conversation she had with William and Chloe are heard. According to the game files, the dialogue order for the full conversation goes as follows:
: **William:** *"Yes girls, time for a picture!"* {{Headphones|fileCue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_William_010.ogg}}
: **Chloe: ***"Max needs more flour on her face!"* {{Headphones|file# Cue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_Chloe_020.ogg}} 
: **Max (laughing):** ''"I can't even see!"* {{Headphones|fileCue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_Max_030.ogg}}
: **William:** *"You look like a ghost!"* {{Headphones|file# Cue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_William_040.ogg}} 
: **Chloe (laughing):** *"Get a close-up of Max!"* {{Headphones|fileCue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_Chloe_050.ogg}} 
: **Max: ***"Knock it off, Chloe!"* {{Headphones|file# Cue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_Max_060.ogg}} 
: **Chloe:** *"Make me! You look hilarious!"* {{Headphones|fileCue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_Chloe_070.ogg}}
: **William: ***"Come on now, say 'Pancake!'"* {{Headphones|file# Cue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_William_080.ogg}} 
: **Chloe:** *"Cheesecake!"* {{Headphones|fileCue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_Chloe_090.ogg}} 
: **Max:** *"I hate pictures of myself!"* {{Headphones|file# Cue_E3_8A_Kitchen_FocusPicture_Max_100.ogg}}

##  Environmental Details 
* *'Two Whales Diner hasn't changed –''' The Two Whales Diner looked exactly the same when Max last ate there (age 13)Max: "Man, that smell of breakfast and the sound of clanging silverware... makes me feel thirteen again..." (Episode 2 - Two Whales Diner.) as it looks years later.Max: "Talk about going back in time... I haven't seen the diner in five years, but it looks exactly the same." (Episode 2 - *Journal*.)
* **More fishermen –** Arcadia Bay's fishing industry was thriving back when Max and Chloe were kids. Evidence of the fishing community was more apparent.Max: "There are way less fishermen and way more dumped food carts than when we were kids. Chloe and I had the best backdrop to play pirate: old ships and a big ocean." (Episode 2 - Outside the Two Whales Diner.)
* '''Chloe's pirate towel –''' Chloe had a pirate towel that she used when she was younger, and she was still using this same towel five years later when Max returned to Arcadia Bay.Max: "Chloe has had this damn dirty pirate towel since we were kids... Serious flashback." (Episode 3 - bathroom, Chloe's house.)
* '''William's BBQs –''' The small BBQ grill was still present in Chloe's backyard when Max and Chloe were kids, and they enjoyed burgers cooked on it by Chloe's dad.Max: "William used to grill awesome burgers for us. I wonder if he was the last one to use this..." (Episode 1 - BBQ grill, Chloe's backyard.)
* '''Joyce's Magazines –''' Joyce enjoyed mail-order catalogs, and a young Max obviously saw these around Chloe's home whenever she visited.Max: "Joyce always loved her mail-order catalogs of useless crap." (Episode 1 - Joyce's bedroom.)
* **Joyce and Vanessa (Shared Tastes) –** In 2013, it is mentioned that both Max and Chloe's mothers watch true crime shows, so it is possible that they also watched these when Max and Chloe were younger.Joyce: "I watch those awful true crime shows and it makes me ill if I think about Rachel ending up on one." (Episode 3 - Kitchen, Chloe's house.) . . . Max: "I felt like I was on one of those awful true-crime shows my mom binge-watches." (Episode 5 - *Journal*.)
* '''Max's Grandpa –''' Max mentions that her grandfather - either her [Ryan Caulfield](father.md)'s or her [Vanessa Caulfield](mother.md)'s father - has a garage that contains nuts and bolts.Max: "Nuts and bolts... like my grandpa's garage." (Episode 3 - [Samuel Taylor](samuel_taylor.md)'s [Custodial Room](custodial_room.md).)
* '''Chloe's dresser –''' When Max reconnects with Chloe five years after she had left for Seattle, she notices that some of Chloe's bedroom furniture she remembered from when they were kids is still present in the room. One such piece of furniture is the dresser that Chloe's dad had built for her.Max: "Chloe's dad built this dresser." (Episode 1 - Chloe's room.)

##  Unused Material 
Some unused audio that refers to a younger Max and Chloe is present in earlier game files. It was either used in earlier editions of the game and since been removed, or it has always remained unused.
* **Backyard Mischief –** Joyce would yell at Max and Chloe from a living room window when they were playing in the backyard, possibly when they were up to mischief or doing something dangerous, or perhaps to call them in to eat food.Max: "How many times did Joyce yell at us from this window?" (Episode 1 - living room window, Chloe's house.)
* **Chloe Wanting a Dog –** Chloe had wanted a dog, and her mother had always wanted her to get a dog too.Joyce: "Oh, that's so cute. Chloe wanted a dog, too." (Episode 5 - Joyce to Frank - Pompidou Alive)/ "Oh, I'm so sorry... I always wanted Chloe to get a dog."(Episode 5 - Joyce to Frank - Pompidou Dead). *Note: Although originally intended, Pompidou does not die in the final version of the game. He is only injured if Max chooses to throw the bone into the road.* It even seems that Chloe would have made a good dog owner, from a comment intended to be spoken by [Frank Bowers](frank_bowers.md) five years later when Chloe is 19: ''"She'd be good with dogs. I know these things."'' It is unknown whether Chloe had wanted a dog after her cat, Bongo, had died or whether she had wanted a dog instead of or as well as having a cat.

##  [Life is Strange: Before the Storm](before_the_storm.md) 
###  Bonus Episode - "[Farewell](farewell.md)" 
In the bonus episode by [Deck Nine Games](deck_nine_games.md), we learn more about Young Max and Chloe's personalities, education, and childhood interests. 

###  Max # 
When it comes to helping Chloe throw away old items, Max's sensibility and detachment suggests she has less of an emotional response to things than Chloe, but this is not entirely the case as she is very reflective and sad to be leaving Chloe behind in [Arcadia Bay](arcadia_bay.md). She even worries she won't be okay without Chloe.In her diary from the first game, Max describes Arcadia bay as "a town I was excited about leaving."

Max is prone to second-guess and worry about the consequences of things before she can loosen up and enjoy herself (such as asking Chloe what her mom would think about Chloe's mischief) and has a reserved personality and quiet-spoken nature. See the [#Family_Differences](family_differences.md) section above, as the differences between their parents may have an influence on each girl.
She can also tell Chloe that she worries she's not going to be okay without her, regarding her move to Seattle.

Max is drawn to the retro aesthetic. She especially loves the {{wiki|Instant_camera#Polaroid_cameras|Polaroid camera}} that belongs to Chloe's father, because she thinks they make every photo look a little nostalgic. Chloe tells Max that [William Price](her_dad.md) is tired of watching Max drool all over herself every time he uses it. ("His words.") Max also admires the vintage cooler in Chloe's attic, saying that she never realized how much she liked vintage things until she saw it. She thinks that recording messages on audio cassette tapes was so much fun in 3rd grade (ages 8/9).

Some further facts we learn about Max are as follows:
* At age 13, she is still terrified of Chloe's attic as she is afraid of the mice and spiders that could be up there.
* Chloe's mom bought her a toothbrush, because she spent the night at Chloe's so often.
* She doesn't get the idea of makeup other than using it for acting or Halloween costumes.
* She gets squeamish at the sight of fake blood which may suggest she gets squeamish when she sees the real thing.

###  Chloe # 
Chloe is extremely sentimental and reluctant to throw things away. When Max gives logical reasons for getting rid of old things from Chloe's room, Chloe will attach a fond memory to justify keeping them, even if they are from phases she has grown out of or have missing pieces. Most of the items she refuses to throw away remind her of the times she used them with Max. The fact that she hangs onto memories may be one reason why Max thinks Chloe has a "killer memory."
Chloe still keeps her old school supplies and her textbooks for Science, Chemistry, English, and Math, which Max thinks she is "such a nerd" for doing but thinks that Chloe must get her sentimentality from her parents, who still haven't parted with Chloe's crib.
Another example of Chloe's sentimentality is when she used to own a goldfish called Calico Jack.John Rackham, an English pirate captain in the early 18th century, went by the name Calico Jack. She refused to get another goldfish after having to flush him, so the fish tank has been stored in the attic ever since. This suggests that Chloe is reluctant to replace the things she has lost. Max knows she took [Bongo](bongo.md)'s death hard.

Chloe also has a sensitive and self-conscious side. This is evident when she throws away her favorite hoodie due to a fear of judgement from the students at her new school, [Blackwell Academy](blackwell_academy.md). The well-worn burgundy colored hoodie with a Griffin design on the front has accumulated many holes over the years she has worn it, and Max notes that these holes never stopped Chloe from wearing it before, but Chloe doesn't seem to be bonding well with her new peers, describing them as "fake people" and Max as "real."

With regards to her friendship with Max, Chloe is loyal and protective. When Max slipped and accidentally broke one of the stair posts in Chloe's house a few years prior to 2008, Chloe took the blame for her and never changed her story even when she got grounded. Max truly appreciates what Chloe did for her back then. She is reluctant to tell Max about her issues with the students at her new school and only discloses her issues when Max presses the subject. This suggests that Chloe may be prone to bottling up her feelings or is perhaps reluctant to burden her best friend.

Chloe is mischievous and likes to bend rules. An example of this is when [Joyce Price](her_mom.md) had told her to get rid of old and unwanted items from her room, so she turned this into a game where she blew a couple of dolls up. When Max questions this, she tells Max that her mom never specified *how* she should dispose of her things. 
She also drew sharpie boobs on the boy band trading cards they collected together, and Max was so mad at her for doing this.

Chloe is creative and has a great imagination, as seen by the drawings of cool inventions that she placed inside a [Time Capsule](time_capsule.md), and Max thinks that Chloe has always been good at making up cool things to do. She loved Scratch Art when she was younger - at least around the time she had placed a Scratch Art pad in the time capsule. This is a drawing technique where a dark layer is scratched away - usually by a wooden stylus - to reveal a different color or multiple colors underneath. She also made Christmas decorations when she was 5 years old which embarrass her, but Max thinks they are cute.

Max describes Chloe as a nature nerd when she discovers that Chloe's parents have secretly bought plane tickets to take Chloe to see the {{wiki|Grand Canyon}} in Arizona. This suggests she enjoys nature. However, when it comes to animals, Max comments that Chloe always preferred imaginary animals to real ones.Max: "Chloe's always prefered imaginary animals to real ones. Besides Bongo, of course." ([Farewell](farewell.md) - Chloe's bedroom, Chloe's house.)

There appears to be an oceanic theme with Chloe's plush toys. At age 14, she still owns a plush toy called [Mr. Sharkie](mr__sharkie.md), which she describes as her beloved childhood friend and is unwilling to part with it. She also has a plush toy called [Billy The Squid](billy_the_squid.md), which she forgot about due to placing him inside a time capsule that she buried in her back yard with Max back in 2003. The oceanic theme could be linked to her interest in pirates. Even at age 14, she never really grew out of wanting to be a pirate.

In terms of reading interests, Chloe owns the {{wiki|Complete_Works_of_Shakespeare|Complete Works of William Shakespeare}}, so she seems to have an interest in classic plays. She is also a {{wiki|Manga}} nerd. Max comments that this might be the one thing where Chloe out-nerds her.

Even though Chloe has a geeky side, and even though she owns a games console which both girls play on, she has been reluctant to try an {{wiki|Massively_multiplayer_online_game|MMO game}}. Max wonders if her move to [Seattle](seattle.md) would finally convince Chloe to try one.

###  Mutual Influence # 
There are a couple of things that suggest Max and Chloe easily distract each other, such as the time when [Ms. Shelley](ms__shelley.md), their {{wiki|Social Studies}} teacher, praises Chloe on her work but urges her to pay attention in class instead of drawing pictures with "Maxine." (It appears they were working on their treasure map in this class.) Another example is the {{wiki|Choose Your Own Adventure}} book they created called [Media:Note_AdventureBookCover.png](_max_and_chloe_s_sewer_adventure__.md) Although their efforts on this were praised by [Mrs. Anders](mrs__anders.md), she urged them to please do the book report they were assigned next time. This suggests they enjoyed being creative together and doing what they wanted to do rather than sticking to tasks they were assigned.

###  Education 
They both attended [Arcadia Bay Junior High](arcadia_bay_junior_high.md), and the first class they had together was United States Social Studies. 
Even though Max didn't get grades as good as Chloe in 8th grade (ages 13/14), she did better than Chloe at PE. In 8th grade, Chloe studied: Earth Science, English, World History, Pre-Algebra, Spanish 1, Phys Ed.

Chloe was accepted for admission at Blackwell Academy in September 2008. She was one of approximately 100 students who were selected out of 1200 applicants. She was selected due to excelling in all criteria for admission. However, not long after she started at Blackwell Academy, the principal has called for a meeting with her parents in an effort to try and assist Chloe in improving her behavior. Chloe was not getting on well with a girl called [Marisa Rogers](marisa_rogers.md).

###  Activities and Interests 
***Board Games –** Max and Chloe enjoyed playing board games together, but at ages 13 and 14, they no longer played a game called "Oopsies!" which they used to play a lot and is in a scruffy condition by this time.Max: "We used to play Oopsies! a lot, but it's pretty beaten up at this point." (Farewell bonus episode - Chloe's room.) Chloe apparently beats Max every time they play it, but Max calls this "BS" and states she wiped the floor with Chloe the last time they played, so it's unclear if Chloe exaggerates her victories.Chloe: "Just cause I beat your ass every time we play doesn't make it trash." . . . Max: "You beat me?" (Farewell bonus episode - Chloe's room.)
***Painting, Decorating, and Drawing –** Max and Chloe drew themselves in a comic strip as Super Max and Dr. Chloenstein and called one of their strips *The Adventurous Adventures of Super Max and Dr. Chloenstein.*These characters seem to be the same ones that can be seen on the "Power Girls" poster they drew together (as seen in the original game). It is unknown if this different naming in the Farewell bonus episode by Deck Nine Games is an inconsistency or whether "Power Girls" is now to be seen as an all-encompassing name for the duo. They also liked to decorate things together with excessive use of stickers, such as the tall blue dresser in the attic.It is also seen in the original game that they placed stickers all over a flip phone when they were younger.
***Watching Films –** They both liked watching {{wiki|The Land Before Time}}.
***Concerts –** They went to their first unsupervised concert together on Saturday July 7th, 2007. It was to see "Mimi and the Screamers" at [Culm Nation Park Pavillion](culm_nation_park_pavillion.md) in Arcadia Bay, Oregon, and they were on the lower level. Tickets cost $30.00 each. Max would have been 11 years old at the time. Chloe would have recently turned 13.
***Halloween Costumes –** There are photos of them dressed up for Halloween in 2001 and 2002. In 2001, they appear to be dressed as a cream-filled chocolate chip cookie where the cream effect is created once they stand together. In 2001, they went as characters from *{{wiki|The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe}}*. Max was the lion, Chloe was the Witch, and William was the wardrobe. These costumes may have been for the "kiddie costume parade" held at the Halloween Bazaar (as advertized on a flyer inside the [Two Whales Diner](two_whales_diner.md) in the original game).
***Challenges –** They bought a jawbreaker as a gag to take it in turns to lick it to nonexistence over time. Chloe describes it as the "never-ending candy." Max sees it as a serious biohazard as this is yet another thing that Chloe has held on to. She's even kept it, unwrapped, on top of some clothes in a drawer!
***Playing Pirates –** Their much-loved pirate phaseWe see nostalgia for this period in their life in both the original game and Before the Storm. was in full swing when Max was 7 years old and Chloe was 9.There are [Canon_Inconsistencies#Incorrect_Ages](discrepancies.md) in Farewell with the ages they state they were on the date written on the audio cassette tape that Chloe finds in her room. Some of the things they did during this phase are as follows:
** They kept all of their old pirate drawings inside a big sketchbook.
** They called their pirate ship "The bane of Arcadia."
** Chloe's former cat, Bongo, was given a pirate name of "Pogo."
** Their enemy was called "evil commander Shelley, enemy to all pirates," who threatened to take their treasure map from them if it was seen. Shelley is actually Ms. Shelley, their Social Studies teacher from 2003.
** They invented new names for locations around [Price Household (2008)](chloe_s_house.md), such as "Secret Lair" (Chloe's bedroom), "Scary Cave" (Chloe's attic), Treasure island, and Price Castle.
** Their pirate ship was the swing set outside, but during bad weather, they used the couch in the living room as their "rainy day pirate ship."
** They gave each other Pirate names: "Captain Bluebeard" and "Long Max Silver." (They stuck blue painter's tape to Chloe's face to make a blue beard.)
** They buried treasure (a time capsule) in Chloe's back yard, then drew a map and created an amulet to find it.
** Unknown to them, Chloe's dad invented the name "Bloody Bill" for himself and recorded a secret tape for them to eventually find in their time capsule.

###  Old Hobbies 
###  Chloe =
***Magic -** Chloe went through a magic phase and still owns her box of magic tricks ("Miss Madalyn's Managerie of Magic"Chloe's box of magic tricks may be named after [https://www.linkedin.com/in/madeleinetate Madeleine Tate] who was the Associate Producer for [Life is Strange: Before the Storm](life_is_strange__before_the_storm.md) at [Deck Nine Games](deck_nine_games.md).) which she had to save weeks of allowance money to buy. This is actually her entire magic collection.Chloe: "Are you insane? That's my entire magic collection. Do you know how many weeks of allowance this cost?"(Farewell bonus episode - Chloe's room.) Chloe did think magic was lame but changed her mind when she found out how much children's birthday parties pay. However, she hasn't used this box of tricks since her fifth grade talent show (age 10/11) where Max, who was her assistant, turned out to be squeamish at the sight of fake blood. The fact that Max thinks she was lucky to survive Chloe's magic phase with all her fingers intact suggests that Chloe was perhaps a little daring with her tricks.

### Photos

Chloe_Max_Photo1.jpg|Young Chloe and Max dressed as pirates. 
Chloe_Photo5.png|Young Chloe on a swing.
Chloe_Photo1.jpg|Young Chloe running across a parking lot.
Chloe_Photo6.jpg|Young Chloe skateboarding on [Blackwell Academy](blackwell_academy.md)'s [Blackwell Parking Lot](parking_lot.md).
Chloe_and_William_Photo2.png|Young Chloe with her father, [William Price](william_price.md), and pet cat, [Bongo](bongo.md).
Chloe_William_Photo.png|Young Chloe with her father, William.
Max and Chloe - Young - Photo.jpg|Young Chloe and Max in 2008.
Newmemory.jpg|Max changing the 2008 timeline, taking a photo of Young Chloe with her father, William.
Youngchloe-alt.jpg|Young Chloe outdoors.
Note3-chloeroom-max10pic.png|Young Chloe and Max on Max's 10th birthday.

###  Mementos 

Note-chloesroom-drawingone.png|A drawing that Young Chloe and Max did together.
Note-chloesroom-drawingtwo.png|Another drawing that Young Chloe and Max did together.
Note3-chloeroom-bluephone.png|A phone that Young Chloe and Max decorated together.
Note3-past-lighthousedrawing.png|Young Chloe's sketch of a day trip, which Max's comments seem to suggest she had been present at.
Note4-altgarage-piratepower.png|A mix CD Young Max had made for Chloe.

##  Notes 

